I would leave zero stars if I could.  BECU treats people like garbage, worse than garbage, but I can't use the actual word in this complaint form.  I could give numerous examples, but here let me cite just two recent ones:    First, they called and left a message for me, asking me to call them back about a problem.  When I did, they told me that they had no record of ever having left a message for me to call them.  LIARS!  Second, when I got home from a trip, I found that they had blocked all five accounts I have with them because of a problem with a bogus check deposited into one of the business accounts.  They have adamantly refused to unblock any of the accounts, and now I can't transact any business through the accounts, which is causing problems with bills I need to pay for my business.  I've filed a complaint with NUCA about this illegal blocking of accounts, but in the meantime, I'm screwed!  I'm losing potential business and I can't pay bills to my creditors.    My advice:  Avoid these "corporate" criminals like the plague.  They are worse than commercial banks!

Boeing Employees Credit Union is an excellent institution. I have been with this bank for a number of years and have never had a problem or dispute. I highly recommend BECU.

Horrible always different stories and no one knows what they are doing never doing business with them again as being the worst experience</p>

Good bank, great rates. However can get a little trigger happy with overdrafts if you have a maxed out line of credit. Working on some math to find out if my 10.99% interest is being calculated properly as it appears it's not. However I won't change my review from 5 stars until I discuss with a banker in person.

BECU Does Not Want to Protect Customers Against Criminals and Scammers. My BECU CC was used for a fraudulent purchase. I immediately contacted BECU to stop the activity and block my CC, but they did not. I made multiple phone calls and two trips to their office. Every time I was told that my CC was blocked and that the fraudulent purchase will be blocked. However, 5 days later that same fraudulent activity was approved by BECU and my CC account was still active. I got fed up and I walked to BECU's office and closed all my checking and saving accounts and walked out with all my money that I kept in their accounts. If you have any BECU accounts, keep in mind that your money is not safe and if scammers and criminals empty your account, BECU won't protect you. I am a high-end earner and had multiple accounts with BECU for over 5 years (including direct salary deposit). Now I moved all my assets from their accounts to another bank. I am now in process of making legal requests to have all my personal information completely wiped from BECU system as they are absolutely not to be trusted. My CC that was used for illegal purchase is finally blocked, but BECU refused to close it until they investigate the fraudulent activity. They refused to investigate it immediately, and instead proceeded to approve that fraudulent transaction on my CC account. Now I am on mission to convince many of my co-workers and friends to close their BECU accounts.</p>

Great company and good interest rates</p>

I am in shock writing this.  I can think of two other times I've ever written a review, and this situation is so frustrating, ridiculous, insulting, and maddening that it is waking me up at night.  I have been a member of BECU for going on 20 years, from a poor college student through graduate school to owning my own successful business.  I haven't always been perfect, and have had a check bounce here and there over the years when I didn't plan things right.  But, they collected their returned check fee and I always fixed it immediately.  I've had hundreds of thousands of dollars going into my accounts.  Then, suddenly, without communication, conducting an inquiry, or even an opportunity for review, they accuse me of fraud and shut off my online accounts and debit card.  They didn't tell me- I had to find out after calling and sitting on hold when I couldn't login to my account like I do every day.  Even though the accusation is NOT true, and I can easily prove it, they don't care- there is no process for presenting or considering that proof.  I'm told I can wait six months (without a debit card) and then ask to have one again.  Meanwhile, my account is sitting there with about $1500 in it that I can't even access unless I go into a financial center.  I learned this on a Friday night, by the way, just before I was heading out to use my debit card to take my family to dinner.  I understand having processes to protect members and the bank, but immediate judgment despite the facts and without any inquiry and opportunity to discuss the facts- that is beyond horrible service.  I thought BECU was different from a bank and actually cared about their members.  Not any more.  I am not going six months without being able to check my balance online or use a debit card- no one would (especially during a pandemic).  I am leaving BECU, and this should serve as a very strong warning to anyone considering joining.

BECU is a fantastic credit union! I've used it for about 15yrs and have never had an issue. I just got a loan to consolidate a bunch of things and to build my credit.

I have been trying to get a credit card with BECU for over 3 weeks now and before applying I realized my address was out of date, so I called them and told them my address, which they repeated back to me.  They then told me to send in proof of address, so I did, no problem.. Somehow it takes them over a week to respond, to which there response was "to complete your application, please send proof of address". I call them and let them know I've already emailed it. They say you're right, we'll get that changed. A week goes by with no updates and now I just got an email saying that the address in their system has a different city than the one on my proof of address. I previously mentioned the the first phone call they repeated my address back to me correctly, so I'm just dumbfounded at how terrible the service has been. My application for the credit card expires soon and I may take the hit to my credit all because of terrible customer service.  TLDR: Their phone, online, and email services are ABYSMAL. I have had the worst experience with them, I hope I am an outlier but felt the need to warn people that this did happen to me and it's been a complete joke.

A decent card with low interest rate. I may need to request an increase in credit as it's been $2500 since I've got it. no rewards but my go-to card.</p>

Absolute disappointment from this bank after not taking responsibility in a scam situation showing me who is more powerful and taking my stimulus check today. Total evil and disregard of a human's needs in a covid situation, not to mention the fact that they never went after the scammers although they had the information and the police asking them to wait. I am so sorry such institutions are allowed to treat people like this and exercise their power over their costumers. I cannot believe how evil this bank can turn out to be after having so much respect for them, absolutely horrible. Let God deal with them from now on taking money from a woman who is trying to survive in a times like this and not taking responsibility for the lack of security their bank provides.

I have been for quiet a long time with BECU, but I am so disappointed by their lack of security and allowing scammers to take your money and have access to your account. Not to mention that the only thing they do is try to get the money they are responsible for being stolen from your account and not try to work with the police or pay attention to the evidence you provide for them. I had my stimulus check taken away from them without and feeling of guild or responsibility for the lack of security and their role in the scam. I live alone without any help, and I guess the banks can do whatever they wish to you and not take responsibility for their part. This country is not who is more powerful and take advantage on their costumers without feeling of responsibility. I am very disappointed in them, so you make sure that your money are safe and secure with this bank. I never imagined they will take my stimulus check today, I am so disappointed in this institution.

BECU is amazing! Best customer service and always helpful advice. I never worry about my accounts or finances because I don't have to</p>

Don't get a loan through these people. They lie, overcharge, they take on fees from the savings account you are forced to set up with BECU. Every time you need to pay your car payment, you'll have to do it manually. Meaning you're going to have to log into your account and pay. If you don't do this, even though BECU employees state that you don't have to because they'll take it out for you, they'll charge you about a $13 late fee. They will also take on another fee, their own car insurance! And they'll state that you weren't covered properly even though already having full coverage. BECU is not for people, they are for profit.</p>

Have the card from the August 2019 never been late always paying in full and I had kept a excellent credit for the time that I have been in this country but my credit limit remains 1000, but with my others bank card my credit limit keeps increasing.

Okay, as far as banks (credit unions) go, the services offered are great. The people are friendly and helpful, and they have a large presence in the Pacific Northwest. Why only 2 stars? Just take a look at the online banking web site. This isn't the late 80's people! There is no reason for the ugly and inefficient layout, broken links, and conflicting information. I consider myself relatively computer savvy and have and programmed created web sites and pages. The BECU sight is ridiculously disorganized and confusing.   Get this. I lost my credit card. Should be easy to go online and report it lost, right? Nope. After a series of false starts (which included a couple of pages not found, and non-responsive pages), it turns out that the way a stolen card is reported is to send an email to BECU. There is no guidance on what should be included in the email. Name? Account Number? I didn't feel comfortable using an unsecure method (email) to send financial information, so included only the last four digits of the credit card as well as other information that I thought would be needed. Pressed Send, and waited. For days. Nothing, no response, no email from BECU that they had received the request. Nada. Zippo. Zilch. Finally tried calling the number on the web site, and was on hold for at least 15 minutes. Geez. Finally, called the Visa "Concierge" service on the back of the card. The automated system did not have an option to replace lost cards (though if you need help on booking a trip...) Pressed 2, entered my card number, in thirty seconds was connected to a very friendly and efficient BECU representative who took care of everything within a minute or two.  Get with the times BECU! Try user testing your web site before putting it online. I mean, even the login screen looks like a page from a Russian hacker site--but less elegant.  Rant over. I have voiced (posted) my complaints with BECU for the last 8 years, but nothing has been done to streamline their online presence. Although they have updated the home page, and it looks a lot better. But it's just lipstick on a pig.

I lost my job due to covid. BECU assured me they would work with me and not to worry about anything.  I got a new job and just as things were looking like we would make it through a tow truck showed up in the middle of the night and took our car. I got woken up by my wife crying at 1am and seeing drag marks where our car used to be. The car was gone along with the kids car seats and my only way to get to work. Thanks for all your assurance and keep telling yourself you care about anything but yourself....

Fabulous car great loan experience with my favorite bank on the planet BECU is the best place to get excellent customer service!!!!!!

STAY AWAY FROM BECU!!!! Once you get into your account, if you try to navigate within your a account a popup occurs that says 'oops something went wrong, Page you're looking for can't be reached for security reasons. And the damn thing won't even allow you to log out of your account. Then if you switch home page and try to log in from there, you get the same message. It also says" call this number to reach a representative. HA! Fat chance of getting a rep on the phone!! It also wants you to recite a long string of numerical digits---20 or so---IF you actually ever get that elusive rep on the line! If I can ever get into my account again, I'm going elsewhere to do my banking. BECU service SUCKS!!!

BECU is a great credit union if you can join. Any credit union is great. BECU has low interest rates. Sometimes they offer cc consolidation for ZERO transfer fees and ZERO interest for a year. I have used it two years in running. I would use it again but don't currently have the need. They do not have cash at their branches though.</p>

BECU has helped me maintain a balance throughout pandemic with a break on payments for 2 months when I was waiting for unemployment.

Despite we're their long time customers with good credit scores, their refi rate is still not competitive. We left them within a year.

Good rate, better service. Who needs banks, join a credit union and save your money. They are responsive, easy to work with and their loans and straightforward with no gimmicks.

Horrible experience. This was a horrible experience from start to finish. We are first time home buyers and will leave "scarred" fro our experience. Please be ready to do your own due diligence from the start to avoid any misunderstandings due to their lack of communication. Our loan officer was terrible with communication and was not forthcoming with info. Was tossed around to 3 other loan officers during the process of submitting paperwork. Got all the way to closing date and was told underwriting and appraisal was not complete and wasn't going to be complete for 3 more weeks. Expressed my frustrations and spoke with supervisors just to get an explanation since getting a hold of loanofficer who is ASSIGNED was never available and didn't ever reply by email. The day after closing was told the property did not meet criteria. I paid for appraisal, paid my Ernest funds and wasted 35 days of our time when all of this was known from the start.

Best Cash Back Card I have found at or below 11% with a generous credit limit!!  I use this card for everything I can to include paying bills to gas to groceries.

50% credit card My credit card has a high limit, $40k.  I use it for business purchases and pay it every month.  My card is regularly disabled for "suspicious activity", 4 times in the last 2 months.  When disabled it declines at point of purchase, and it declines all purchases, even reoccurring ones.  So if you set it up to pay a bill your payment will not be made randomly and until you call their security department personally.   You cannot fix this via their online system.  You cannot contact the security department after hours, or on weekends.     You don't get any warning about this, they don't use US mail, they won't text you, and they won't email you.  You may get a voice call that is hard to distinguish from all of the credit card/IRS scam calls, and if you don't answer it, well, your card gets disabled and you're out of luck.     When you call customer service, as I did today, I spent 45 minutes on hold waiting for an operator, to be disconnected.  the next call was only 15 minutes before I got someone, who asked if I could verify these transactions.   I related that I was not at  home, and could not.  When I requested that they just reject the suspect transactions and re-enable the card I was told they could not do that.    I was then given the option to have my card canceled and they'd US-MAIL me a card in 10 to 14 days, or they could express me the card and I'd have to be at home at a random time to sign for it - but they'd get me a tracking number so I could probably know the day I needed to hang out at my house waiting.  I chose the 14 day option.     So my BECU credit card is available for a week or two, and the interest rate is good.  Then they disable it, and it takes me a few days to notice, and I have to go back and fix all of the reoccurring payments and transactions that bounced because of that, and spend an h our or two on the phone with customer service, and then wait a week or two for a new card.  So 2 weeks of card, minimum 2 weeks without the card, and that's the way it is with BECU.    They cannot tell me what will cause a transaction to be flagged as "suspicious", they won't re-enable the card unless I verify each purchase, and every time I have to call their customer service it takes me a minimum of an hour, sometimes two, to get the problem resolved.     The most secure card is one that I use a pair of scissors to cut in half and throw into the trash.

This is the perfect secure loan for helping people establish credit. You are never out your security deposit. The payment schedule is automatic so you never default. The entire cost of the loan over it's lifetime (12 months) is under $6. Pretty reasonable for establishing good credit.

They will destroy your credit with their own mistakes.  We make all of our payments on time.  We switched our HELOC from variable to fixed.  Our variable account showed $0 balance. We never got a bill in the mail.  Low and behold we owed $32.55 in interest.  No bill, nothing online, nada would have clued us into that.  They sent us a letter stating we were past due and needed to pay.  I called them to confirm and was told if I pay now that I won't have credit problems.  I paid immediately.  And what do you know?  They still reported me a delinquent and hosed my credit.  The real kicker is that they then deposited the $32.55 they say I owe them into my savings account.  And when I call to ask about that no one can answer beyond well we are reconciling things ...  There are so many horror stories both here and on the BBB website about how they ruin credit over small sums they forget to tell you about at the end of a loan - in some cases as little as $ .06.  Do not borrow money from them.  It just isn't worth it.

I love Becu they are always helpful. I am able to make my payment locally at a shared branch, I would recommend them to anyone looking for a loan.

Easy to set up a secured loan to build my credit. My score has been rising for a year without me having to do anything. Friendly and helpful staff and a great financial service.

Terrible company and the absolute worse customer service I have ever experienced. They treat you like white trash, your black, or an illegal alien and it only gets worse from there.

This is not a good bank at all. They don't have many branches but again they act like big banks.   They will charge you for everything, including $20 overdraft fee, per transaction and they will decline a transaction and still charge you $20 for it.  I paid them over $1600 just in overdraft fees. 2 years ago when I got very sick and in bed for 3 months, but the sad part about all this is BECU declined all those transactions and charged $20 for each and I like for what?  Why would you decline and charge me $20, why? $20 for what? And this is how you will pay BECU more than a big bank.   I went back to Bank of America and has had issues with that bank.

I expected my score to jump a lot higher over the past year but it definitely helped. I recommend it. Perfect way to raise credit score.

I love BECU. I started with a car loan from them and then opened a checking and savings account. My dog was diagnosed with cancer and the bills were piling up fast. I opened a credit card that had zero interest for the first year. I’m hoping to have it paid off before I hit the year mark.

BECU is the best ,most friendly people and very knowledgeable about any bank service that they offer.The best deals and the best interest rates.

It is very unfortunate that one person can make a difference in any business. The bad advertisement this bank does is unbelievable. They advertise and customer service representatives assure you using online services is just as reliable and convenient as going to their branch but it is nothing but a lie. A supervisor named Jessica couldn't even verify a check for me but told me if I had done it in person the funds would have been available to me. Had they not advertise, online is just as easy and reliable as in person I would have gone straight to the branch. Now I can't do anything about my situation but wait and I will be changing banks to grow my business somewhere else!

BECU has the best interest rates period. I have purchased  6 cars with them. And I plan on using them again in the near future to purchase my next vehicle...I on use BECU

Ex-Boeing worker, I had a car loan 20 yrs ago, which was good, as is the member savings and the no-fee checking. But now, they seem to be more concerned with profit. Check out their mortgage rates that stayed the same during the 0.5 point Fed cut on Mar 3rd.  Their mortgage rates are up after the 1.0 point Fed cut on Mar 15th.

Love this Credit Union, I have financed all of my vehicles through them and they are my primary banking institution. the offer realy good member benefits, plus they are very friendly.

Excellent Bank. I have been using this bank now for over 15 years and they always exceed my expectations. I would strongly recommend this Bank to anyone I know.

They don’t update my Payment history. They make my credit look bad. I don’t trust this bank. They are so greedy. My car loan was $17999, in 3 months, my balance is down to $17052. Now I’m seeing the same amount.

They are nothing but a bunch of incompetent baboons. You cannot accomplish a single action without some sort of problem. The latest? No issuance of a replacement credit card. BECU claims they sent it out a month ago, yet strangely, theres is the only piece of mail I am missing. How do you suppose that happens? They have pulled the same trick with the other 3 members of my family when it comes to replacement credit or debit cards. DISGUSTING!

Here to reinforce what others are saying.  I have now had a car loan through these jokers for 6 months.  In those 6 months they have attempted to charge me 4 late fees on my loan.  The first 3 times all 3 late fees showed up at once out of the blue.  These were when I mailed in my payments.  I mean how does any financial institution take more than a week to notify you that you've been charged a late fee and the reason?!?   So I called them, they had the nerve to try and tell me that all of those mailed payments arrived late.  Fortunately, as I am a CEO of a tech company, I keep meticulous records of everything, including the days these were sent out.  I take my mail to the post office to purchase postage and get receipts.  So I literally have receipts that say the day I purchased postage and for what, and of course they are mailed off right then and there.  All the dates were 2 weeks prior to even the base due date.  So for them to claim that it takes more than 3 weeks for a letter to go from one side of the state to the other is absolutely ludicrous, given I get mailed invoices from Seattle and even as far as New york in less than 4 days.  Magically, after being told that they couldn't do anything, the next day the late fees were all removed.    So the 4th payment made online, after having to call them again to figure out how in the hell to make a payment, and get an external transfer set up.  I was able to externally transfer money in, make the payment once it was there, all was good, or so I thought.  Their online system is a joke. (My high school intern coders code better than they do) They also don't disclose that this system will LOCK your funds for the associated loan payment from your other account, rendering you unable to make the damned loan payment.  So for the 5th payment, after the money had made it into the account, after 2 days of the money being there I still couldn't make the payment.  I checked in with my bank I transferred the funds from and they said everything had cleared the next business day.  So back on the phone I go, and I did get a fairly nice lady that said that is something the system does when it is on or past the due date, although I still have the 10 day grace period, it just deducts the money from the other account so it's there when the loan payment is due.  I just have to call and have someone manually make the payment otherwise.  So okay, this is unusual, but whatever.  It's kind of nice that if the money is there, and I am otherwise occupied, with say oh I don't know, running a corporation, the payment will come out, and I don't have to worry about it.  WRONG.   Today was the final straw.  I get a notification in my email saying I have been charged a late fee.  So of course I log in to see what in the hell is going on. Now mind you, I had the money in the account since about the middle of the month.  Tried to log in on the 19th, which is STILL before my due date, the funds were still locked.  Got a bit of time on the 21st, the due date, to see if I can make the payment, funds are locked.  Same story with the 25th, 26th, and so I said fine, it can just take it out because at that point I was too busy to worry about it.  So the girl I called today, Passion, was nice enough, but she tells me the complete opposite of what I was told last time, that no it doesn't automatically apply it to your loan.  Well then what in the EFF is it holding it for then?  So of course I asked her about why I wasn't able to access it when the transfer was completed on the 17th, and then logging in on the 19th I still couldn't do anything with making the payment.  She claimed that it might have been a system glitch or something, but reconfirmed that after the due date it locks and I have to call someone to have them make the payment.  What in the actual EFF?!?  So you are going to charge me a late fee because of YOUR institution's glitch?!?!?  I don't think so.  (It was removed too)  To give you an idea of why I am done with them, this is my 9th car loan.  NEVER had I had the issues I am having with PAYING them for something!!!  DON'T let your auto dealer put a loan through them, bank with them, or anything else regarding your finances, unless you like headaches and hassle.  I will be going to my regular banks on Monday and seeing which one of them wants to compete for my interest money, because I gave BECU several chances now, and I don't have the desire or time to micromanage 1 loan account every month out of the million(s?) in assets I manage on a daily basis.  No thanks.    You get 2 stars because your people are actually pretty friendly, and even though your banking practices and online system are both unusual and inconvenient, your customer service is what is expected and that should count for something, even though no one seems to be on the same page about what your system does and doesn't do.  Try harder, "git gud" as the gamers say and hopefully spare future clients of yours this hassle.

Simple and not overly high rate easy to use due to because I bank there with BECU I love it. It’s very easy to make my payments all I have to do is transfer from my checking account to paid my BECU credit card

I have been banking with Becu for over 10 years. In 2016 my husband, active duty military, and I with our 2 year old moved 6 times. My address and phone number were not properly updated and something was charged to my credit card. The only way I knew about the late payment was because we bought a home and ran my credit. When I called and paid off the late payment they told me that the late payment would be forgiven and it would come off of my credit since I have never been late on a payment and have opened more than $40k worth of credit and loans through the company. Here we are 3 years later and when I call to dispute it they tell me that someone from credit dispute department will call me. LIARS! I got a piece of paper in the mail basically saying “f you and your 10 years of loyalty to our company you have a late payment and it’s accurate on your credit... but we appreciate your loyalty”. We’re working on buying another home and this has brought my score down tremendously. Shame on you becu. Killing someone’s lively hood. I have never been late on a payment in my entire life and you want to screw me because my life was uprooted due to the military for 2 years.

Outstanding service, technology, and rates.  We have 3 personal checking accounts and 2 business accounts with BECU.  Their iOS app works great for managing on the go, the desktop website is a pleasure to work with, and every branch I've been in has been staffed with helpful and expert bankers.  We've done wire transfers internationally, taken out a home equity loan, used their notary services, etc.  Zero complaints.

Really terrible bank.  They'll zap money out of your checking account to pay the BECU bills with zero regard for your kids who need food or your rent that needs to get paid...they pay themselves first.

BECU is the worst, they do not treat their members with respect and only care about profit. People before profits is a false advertisement. I had two issues first they charged me for 2 months insurance 4 times more than regular insurance, insane price and stealing money wherever they can from their members.  I got a car loan last year and fell into 2 months of financial hardship this year while trying to enrolling in college. For 5 months they have charged me for 2 months back pay, plus 25 late charge every month. Continuosly raising a debt on my savings account up to 1800 dollars. I asked them for help by fixing the continuos loop, but no, everytime asking when they will get the money. I've applied for a student loan and not knowing a specific date the gov would deposit the student loan. The managers I spoke with were mean and aggressive about it, since I couldn't give them a date, they put my truck on repo. Asking me to tell them where it is so they can take it away and auction it. Complete a55 h0les, jerks who only care about profiting not helping their members succeed. My mom ended up having to bail me out.  I don't recomend BECU and as soon as I can either pay it all or get another loan from another Credit Union, I will close my account and always tell people how horrible BECU is. Do not fall into their lies of wanting to help their members. All liars.

Opened an account just over twelve hours ago and I will be closing it ASAP. There is nearly no way to receive help and when you contact someone other than their extremely limited help options, they basically tell you "Bye Felicia."  No thanks. I would have attempted to speak with them had 1) there been more than ONE way to contact them with my issue and 2) they had some sort of respect for my time and needs.  There are so many alternative banking solutions that actually want your business. Skip this bank in credit union clothing.

Just got off the phone with BECU. These are lending sharks. My car was totaled and it was a fully insured vehicle with GAP insurance. I processed the claim and they received the money. While I was getting them all their money plus interest, BECU took it upon themselves to obliterate my credit from 780 to 510. I guess I was not the customer that I thought I was.  #BECU, #BoeingEmployeeCreditUnion, #LendingSharks Now I need a car and cannot purchase a car because of my score.

BECu talked me into several loans I could not repay during a time of finacial hardship.   They advertise being about helping community and being a not for profit.  However now that Im a student trying to rebuild my life they wont help me on a repayment plan I can afford and are attempting to sue me to gain access to my grants and student loans.  Dont belive their lies about caring about people and community.

BECU as it's currently structured cannot handle their customer base.  It's 'cause they've been the best, most fair place to bank in the Puget Sound for nearly 40 years.  They're slowing rolling out new technology but, they operate with a thin budget 'cause they definitely put customers 1st.  One good thing about being slow to implement new technology, if you wait 20 years, you only have to do it once vs, every 5 years.

I have been a member of BECU for just over 5 years now and I look forward to working with them for years to come. The customer service is always excellent, and the employees have always made me feel that they genuinely care about helping me as best they can. I have had great experiences with everyday banking as well as meetings with their financial planning staff. I have always recommended them to friends and family.

BECU makes money by lending at low rates. Definitely shop them for home or auto purchases, as they're tough to beat. One annoying thing in loan processing with them is you seem to have a revolving customer service team and not a dedicated loan officer. They share notes, but you'll have to re-explain things to them a lot.  Outside of lending, you can do better. Leave enough in their checking and savings accounts to get that 4.7% interest and enough to pay your loans each month, but their daily operations fall short over time. Customer service reps are nice, but the response or wait times can be slow, and if you have a moderately complex question, you have to visit one of their very few branches. Weekend customer service is basically non-existent. Like others have said, they do freese your accounts if they suspect fraud and they're really slow about telling you it happened. Every modern bank can send you a text message, email, or app notification, but not BECU. Because I don't keep all my money there, I've goofed a couple times and overdrawn my account. They charge up to 5 NSF fees per day, so an ill-timed transfer can cost you $125/day. That's outrageous, and very much like how big banks USED to be. Most of them have changed their tune and don't do that anymore, but BECU will only offer you a line of credit to avoid those. They like making money off lending, and they will ding you with fees until you give in and then they have steady income from you long-term.

Some parts are great, some bad. Customer Service employees are wonderful - however it's incredibly difficult to get ahold of them. I sent a 5 figure check in certified funds and 6 days later still waiting for it to be processed because "they're behind." You spend a ton of time on hold. They don't handle cash at branch locations and typically you get sent to a third party customer service team. I still have a credit card (the account I'm waiting for them to process my payment on), but have switched to AlaskaUSA FCU for banking services who had 24/7 in house customer service - with a fraction of the funds that BECU has as one of the largest CUs. I guess a smaller organization just works better.

BECU failed to inform me that I was behind on my car payment due to a NSF fee. When they attempted to call my references the caller never identified them selfs as BECU and refused to due to "HIPPA" therefore they (rightfully so) refused to give out any information or answer at all. Then later we find out BECU had not been pulling the money out of my other account for the auto pay. BECU turned around and claimed that I was the one who wasn't paying. They repossessed my vehicle and demanded that we pay off the loan in full...FOR THEIR MISTAKE! No reinstatement of the loan, nothing for a issue they caused claiming I failed to respond to email, phone calls and mail (which i never received until the day of my repossession) Long story short i wouldn't trust BECU with any of my finical needs. They are unreasonable and good luck trying to get a hold of a manager or somebody you need. They don't return voice mails and their supervisor seems to always be logged out like he's on a permanent vacation. BECU has now tagged my credit with a reclaimed repossession (that will be fought with the credit bureau) BECU has turned my life upside down the past few day's, horrible experience would NEVER recommend!

BECU does absolutely nothing for a deceased member. They expect the families to hand the vehicle back in. They will not tell you if the payment has been made for the month of etc. My father In law owes less than 10,000.00 on  a 69,000.00 truck and they say we have to hand it back over. I find it odd for wanting to be exceptional to the community for its ratings.

BECU dinged my credit report and lowered it by 100 points because I was one penny off on my car payment. This after 3 1/2 years of perfect payment history with them, and without the courtesy of a phone call.  Don&#x2019;t be fooled into thinking that a credit union is going to give you more personal individual service - not BECU anyway.  Apparently there&#x2019;s only robots running the place and no individual care or customer service.

While credit unions can be inconvenient for daily banking, you can't beat a high interest rate for a savings account. I don't like using them for my main checking because they aren't as ubiquitous as other big banks. Their rates and customer service is what keeps me coming back, though; I have my car loan, a personal loan, and a savings + checking account through them. Their banking app isn't as user friendly as it could be, but I'm sure they'll catch up.

BEWARE IF YOU RELY ON YOUR DEBIT CARD TO PAY FOR STUFF  In 4 months BECU has cancelled one debit card without my permission after I inquired about a charge. INQUIRED.  Then they blocked my card without telling me because I bought something at Athleta. Not exactly a nefarious merchant.  Their policy is to block your card for many many reasons and maybe or maybe not tell you before they do it.  Here are 2 ridiculous reasons they'll block your card:  Shopping where you&#x2019;ve never shopped before Shopping outside of your home area (w/i 50 miles usually)  And here is their helpful, super customer-friendly advice about having your card blocked:  How to handle a block When your card company suspects suspicious activity, sometimes you&#x2019;ll get an email or a phone call asking you to verify a purchase. Other times your card is simply declined, with no advance warning and no information why, and it&#x2019;s up to you to call your issuer and sort out the problem.  Yep. NO ADVANCE WARNING. IT'S UP TO YOU TO SORT IT OUT.  If you're fine with that you'll love BECU.

BECU offers the lowest APR I&#x2019;ve been able to find. They have recently added cash back rewards with no annual fee (higher APR) which is perfect if you pay it off every month. They are a large not for profit credit union.

I've been with BECU for probably about 8 or 9 years now and I've experienced more fraud with them than my friends have with different banks/credit unions. I've probably been issued at least 5 cards in the last 8 or 9 years. It's especially difficult to experience fraud with them while you're living out of state or traveling because for whatever reason they don't offer to overnight you a new card, so you're screwed until you can be at your billing address for at least 10 business days. I'm currently living out of state and have been without a debit card for a month now. The first replacement card and pin were lost in the mail and you have to wait a whole 10 business days for them to mail you a new one, then the second card they mailed me had the exact same card number as the lost card, so they weren't even able to activate it. So now I'm being issued my third card. I felt like bursting into tears on the phone with them I was so frustrated. I'd hate to start an account with a major bank but I've never been more tempted to in my whole life.

BECU has NO customer service available between the hours of Saturday, 1pm and Monday, 7am. So if you get locked out of your account and need to check a balance Saturday evening or any time on Sunday, you are unable to do so.

Just opened a car loan with BECU and was very disappointed in a rather strange practice buried in their terms when attempting to make my first car payment, for which I setup a checking a savings account. My payment was due on the 15th and my first direct deposit was credited to my checking account on the 15th. I logged into the site the morning of the 15th to make the payment and noticed my savings account was overdrawn for the amount of the payment. Not wanting to leave my account in an overdrawn state, I transferred the money from my checking account into my savings account and then I emailed them asking why this happened as I did not setup any kind of automatic payment. Their response shocked me! The institution’s response quoted me their policy, which authorizes them to place a hold on funds in the member’s savings account when payment has not been made by 7pm on the due date. She further explained that this policy is in place to minimize the bank’s risk on loans and keep rates low. She then let me know that she released the funds and that if I have a problem remembering the due date I setup a reminder to log in and make the payments. I can also change the due date for $25, which is waived one time.  You read that right – they place a hold on the funds but they don’t apply those funds to the loan. They just make the funds unavailable so you can’t actually make the loan payment until you call them to release the funds! I truly could not believe what I was hearing.  So let’s look at this ridiculous and poorly implemented policy to see how instead of reducing risk they are really just setting their own members up for failure.  1.	They were not supposed to place a hold on the funds until 7PM, but at 7AM the funds were already deducted from my savings account.  2.	Instead of placing a hold on my checking account, which actually had the money in it, they caused my savings account to go in the negative, until I manually transferred funds into the account.  3.	There is a 10-day grace period on the loan so fees won’t be assessed until 15 days after your due date. Collections won’t actually take the money until the loan is 60 days past due. So even though they have your money by way of a hold, it still doesn’t count as a payment.  4.	If I don’t have the money to make my car payment, do they really think I’m going to have the money ‘hiding’ in my savings account? 5.	To make a payment, I have to go into a special payments section of the website. I can’t just initiate a transfer from my checking account to the loan account, like every other bank and CU. Seriously, a first year programmer could write three lines of code which handles this. 6.	Automatic payments cannot be scheduled or modified though the website. The only option under ‘payments’ is to transfer the funds immediately.  This policy is clearly not about reducing the bank’s risk, but instead about alienating the member. If they really wanted to actually reduce the risk (and not insult people with a useless policy) they could do some easy things: 1.	MAKE IT EASY FOR PEOPLE TO PAY YOU! Don’t bury the function in some obscure section of the website. It’s a TRANSFER. Put it in the dropdown where it makes sense! Put a giant PAY button on the loan balance screen. 2.	Allow people to easily schedule transfers. Every other credit union has this function, so it really can’t be that difficult to implement.  3.	If you are going to be buttholes and place holds on the money to reduce risk, why not take the money from the account that actually has the money in it? 4.	Why insult new members by basically showing them that BECU doesn’t really trust you so we are going to take the money from your account, which it isn’t even late? Instead, maybe only take the money after someone has had two or three late payments? 5.	Don’t take the money only to force people to beg you to get it back so they can then manually make a payment. This makes no sense whatsoever. If you place a hold because you don’t trust me, then why give me the money back and trust me to make the payment? 6.	Don’t fund high risk loans! Why fund a loan to someone who you don’t trust to make payments? Bottom line? This policy does nothing but alienate your members and send a strong message you’re your policies are implemented without being well thought out. What does this policy actually encourage me to do? Close my checking and savings account and then use my other credit union’s bill pay service to transfer the funds to you. How can you say you are member-focused with policies like this?

Just purchased a brand new vehicle. The dealership used BECU for their vehicle loans. I went with them because the dealership was in a push to sell the vehicle before the end of the year, even though I knew that I would not carry the loan for the duration. I would pay it off early when an estate was settled. Before my first payment was due, I called BECU to find out how to make a loan payment from the credit union that we have been with for over 25 years. The guy that I talked with on the phone told me that the ONLY way that I could pay on the BECU loan from my account at my other credit union was to not make a payment and let it go to past due status, pay the $9 late fee and then I could make the described payment. I argued with him about how ludicrous that sounded, but he said that was the only way, and that was BECU policy.  I will not be a customer of a financial institution with this kind of customer dis-service and will sell some investments and pay off the auto loan ASAP!  Horrible customer service!

They are good for day to day stuff, but what they don't tell you on the nice commercials is that certain of their loan related customer service functions (I am NOT talking about collections here) are handed over to contractors that are not BECU. They use the same stationary and phone lines so you would never know. I only worked it out from the bad drafting and terse customer service prompting me to ask the right questions. Anyway, those companies are not the sort of companies you are signing up to deal with when you sign up with BECU. One star for the deception and betrayal BECU, sorry.

I took advantage of deal becu had of a free transferring of debt to my becu visa. Apparently that was considered a cash advance and after six months I began getting an additional interest charge. All this time I thought it was some store charging my visa for a purchase as a cash advance every month. On the online banking details there is nothing telling me the difference between my debts from a regular purchase and cash advance purchase. And to pay the cash advance? All of my regular debt had to be paid FIRST. You cannot pay the cash advance off separately. It is underhanded because of the normal practice people use to keep a good credit score by always having at least some small balance of revolving debt. If I had never called in, becu would have kept raking in debt interest. I am rather peeved at becu and will never partake in any offers in the future given my experience here.

I have a CD, home loan, checking account, and retirement through BECU. I called about something and the individual was very rude to me. I then spoke to a manager who was also very rude to me. Not sure what I did to make them rude except give them  all my business for 10 years. I have since switched banks.

BECU is like  a family to me. They have never charged me for any overdraft/hidden fees. Loans are easier and very nicely oriented process. I like the enviornment and people from Seattle are always the nicest.  Great experience if you are not a crazy rich person and you care about every penny I would say BECU is the best choice.

I had been with many different banks before I found BECU. There seemed to be a fee with every tiny thing with those banks. When I changed over to BECU, I did so because I had heard that those fees didn’t pop up with credit unions.  I changed over 4 years ago and I have never looked back. I have been so happy with BECU since then. I have only had to interact with customer service a few times because everything has been so straight forward and easy to understand.  I have had to get my debit card replaced once because of some weird charges that showed up. I went into a branch and they disputed the charges and got me a new card with very little paperwork and no hassle. I’ve also had them call me to check when I have made large purchases. I am very happy that they are concerned with security as well as customer service.  I love BECU and intend on being a loyal customer for years to come!

I recently switched credit unions when I changed jobs. The transfer of my funds from my previous credit union to BECU was quick and painless. The application process was simple and the customer service agent who helped me was informative and friendly. A few weeks later however my account was compromised and I had to get new cards. That was a hassle! BECU froze my account and money for longer than necessary, and I didn't have access to money that I needed for longer than I was happy with with. After contacting customer service though, it was quickly resolved and I had access to both my account, and funds. I am very happy with BECU and would highly recommend to colleagues, friends, and family.

BECU has won my family’s business for life. I didn’t know that it was possible to be enthusiastic about a credit union or bank. When I got married I switched my banking from Chase to BECU to combine my finances with my husband. I was worried that because they do not have tellers at their smaller location I would have problems with convenience. However this has never been a problem. The bankers at their smaller branch location are very informative and friendly. The customer service is vastly superior to Bank of America or Chase in my experience. We recently opened a savings account for our newborn son as well.

I've had my BECU account for over 10 years. I recently filed bankruptcy, and wanted to rebuild my credit. I went into a BECU Neighborhood Financial Center and the Member Service Representative who helped me was very positive and made me feel like I was doing the right thing trying to rebuild my credit. She was able to submit a secured credit card application for me and it was approved! I went back six months later and was able to switch to a traditional credit card (and my scores had improved!). Six months after that, I qualified for an increase on my credit limit, AND I was able to get an auto loan! BECU really takes the time to work with you and really puts members first - ALWAYS! I have never had poor service or a bad experience with BECU. I recommend them to all my friends and family. Wherever you go - whether it's BECU or not, make SURE you go to a credit union, and not a bank!

BECU is a great place to bank if you’re living in the Seattle area. After years of using commercial banks, I’m never going back. The customer service is better, the fees are low or nonexistent, and the people are simply friendlier because they’re looking out for you, not trying to make money off of you like commercial banks. The only downside is that there aren’t ATMs all over the country, but it’s a tradeoff I’m willing to take.

Boeing Employees Credit Union is an amazing credit union for Boeing Employees and their families. I got in at a young age through my father who works for Boeing and I couldn't be happier.  Great services, amazing employees (never had a rude or bad experience with any of them) and amazing rates. The only con is you have to be a Boeing employee or directly (Father, mother, etc) to get in there but if you can, you're set for life.  This is a company that truly cares about it's clients. I wouldn't bank anywhere else.

BECU is the largest credit union in WA. They are everywhere and has very low interest credit card. I like them because they are convenient but on the other hand, sometimes I have to wait for a long time to get service. Their main branch and the only branch to get cash is far away in Everett. That is a disadvantage. They would send their own customers to other local credit unions to get cash, and money orders, but that made me feel an outsider. Why do I have to go to another company when I do not have any accounts with them? BECU should have their own tellers to give out cash and do daily transactions.

I have a savings account at BECU and I enjoy it because it doubles as an overdraft protection for times when I make a mistake in my checking account. I really like their mobile app, which allows me to do pretty much everything online, including depositing checks and transferring money between accounts. I can also deposit cash into my account at any BECU ATM kiosk, which are located pretty much everywhere.

I switched here from a big name bank about 3 months ago and have had nothing but excellent experiences with this credit union. I have had 2 hiccups that were not BECUs fault although it took their work to get them fixed. The customer service agents were helpful, encouraging, and very polite to speak with. They undid charges that were made before the money was returned to them because the issue had not been my fault and made my day a lot easier  I have recommended this Credit Union to my friends and family as I highly value their customer service and ease of online and mobile access.

I had already signed up online with BECU, transferred my funds from an old account and everything.  It was extremely easy to do.  When I noticed my debit card had not arrived a couple weeks later, I walked in to a neighborhood branch office.  I really needed access to my money by this time so I was a little frustrated. This bank was not what I expected at all.  There was a touch-screen kiosk in front of the lobby that was easy to understand, so I put in my information and sat in the clean, comfortable lobby to wait for a representative to greet me.  There is a large screen that flashes whatever name you put in at the kiosk along with an estimated waiting time.  My entire 4 minutes was spent sitting on nice comfortable furniture in a comfortable lobby, petting my dog.  I could have just sat there for a while but my representative came to get me, and when I told her I had not received my debit card, I thought I was going to need to get money orders, or even worse, wait another 2 weeks.  I did not expect her to excuse herself long enough to print one up for me.   She literally came out of the back room with my new debit card.  My experience with BECU has only been stellar.  I am so happy I made the change.

BECU has excellent customer service. A few years ago my checking account was hacked and roughly $1200 was stolen and spent. I went into a branch office the next day and was credited back the $1200 within an hour while they did an investigation. All I had to do was talk to a representative in their fraud department and fill out a short affidavit listing the fraudulent charges. I will never give another bank my business.

I really like my BECU savings account.  The best thing I like about my savings account is that on the first $500 dollars the interest rate is 6%.  After that it goes down to 1% I think.  The only requirement for the savings account is a $5 minimum balance.  The only downside is the maximum of 6 transfers from savings to another account, but it is not really BECU's fault as it is a Federal mandate.  I would definitely recommend this Credit Union and their savings accounts to anyone in the market for a new bank.

This is an all around great credit union. They have no fee checking and really convenient automated kiosks all other the Seattle area that even let you deposit cash. Every time I had to go to one of there offices (which wasn't often because you could take care of almost everything from the website or the kiosks), I was treated with respect and given all the help I needed. They really seem to care about their members.

I have been a member of BECU Credit Union for a couple years now and have been very happy with the personal service I receive from them.  There are no fees on my checking account.  Early on in signing up for a checking account I noticed a charge on my account that I hadn't made.  I contacted BECU customer service and they promptly helped me by changing my account number, deleting the purchase and investigating it and issuing a new debit card.  I am very happy with BECU and will stay with them.

I have been a customer of several large banks and one other credit union and none of them can compare to BECU. You can almost always find an ATM or a shared network ATM and if you can't find one, their mobile app will show you and give you directions! I've used their app to deposit checks, transfer funds, find branches, etc, and have never had a problem using it. On a few occasions I've had to call and ask them to increase my spending limit to make large purchases and they've always been VERY helpful and courteous. When I first opened my account there was a month or when any funds I deposited would be held for 3 - 5 days (a portion of it was released, $100 or so), but, if ever I needed more than that their customer service had no problem releasing additional funds. Now that the "waiting period" or whatever they call it, is over I no longer have that issue.  The only negative thing I can say about BECU is that the branches are pretty much worthless in regards to "regular" banking transactions. You can't go into a branch and make a deposit or withdraw cash, everything is done through the ATM. Not a big deal, there's enough ATM's around but I was trying to make a deposit into a friends account once and couldn't because at the time I wasn't a member of BECU. Other than that, they're a great credit union and they have some pretty good interest rates on their checking and savings accounts!

I have been with BECU now for about 2 years and love their service. I move around the country quite a bit and am still able to use their services no matter where I am. I also move money between my account with them to other accounts internationally and have not had any problems. All fees are stated up front, and the checking account is free. Even though I no longer live in Washington, I still remain a loyal customer, and still am satisfied with their services. I'd definitely recommend them to anybody living in an area where BECU is accessible.

Boeing Employees Credit Union (BECU) has been a great credit union to deal with. The people at the bank could not be any nicer or more helpful. My branch is right up the road with easy access, a big plus in my book. They have ATM outside and an ATM as you walk in the door. This is great since it rains here a lot. The "snapshot" ATM allows you to deposit checks without envelopes , very nice ! You can also deposit cash if you have that desire.Being able to deposit cash or check without going into a branch and waiting in a long line is worth a great deal to me personally since I do not like waiting in a long line to get my banking business done. You can also change or rather get a new debit card right there in the bank. No waiting for weeks for it to show up in the mail. How cool is that. Plus you do not have to work for Boeing's Aircraft, anyone can join and get so much more than I can put in this review. 5 stars all the way.

I have been with Boeing Employee's Credit Union for the past 7 years and could not be happier. They have always helped me solve any situations that come up. I recently got married and my wife and I went out of state for our honeymoon. Within an hour of my first purchase, BECU called me on my cell phone to make sure it was in fact me using the card in another state. They were very friendly and courteous and even congratulated us after the fact. We would definitely recommend them to anyone considering switching financial institutions.

Boeing Employees Credit Union (BECU) has been a great credit union to deal with. The neighborhood branches are super convenient and there is one usually close to wherever I am. If a neighborhood branch isn't available one of their ATMs always is. Their "snapshot" ATMs allow you to deposit checks without envelopes and also accept cash! Being able to deposit cash without going into a branch and waiting in line is worth the price of admission.   For anybody wondering, you do NOT need to be a Boeing employee or former employee to join anymore, just a Washington state resident.

I have banked with BECU for over a decade and I would never think of changing. Since high school they have provided checking account services to me at no charge! I even have other accounts with them and hope to get a mortgage through them some day.

BECU is absolutely the best. Great Customer service and their application process is as easy as it comes. I had a question about my account and the customer service representative got back to me right away.  You can't go wrong with them.

Boeing Employees Credit Union is absolutely AMAZING!! They don't have any hidden fees and they are always so nice when I go in. Also whenever I have had to call them they don't make me wait on hold forever. They have so many fee free ATMS I can go into almost any 7-11 store and pull money our for free, which is great because when I lived in Utah they didn't have actual BECU banks in my area. They are also very forgiving. I once overdraft my account and was auto charged but when I called them they waived the fee as a one time courtesy. They also have overdraft protection. I feel so safe with this bank! They call me whenever a charge seems off and they let me put a code word on my account. I will never use another bank again. Ever!

I absolutely adore BECU. I lived in Washington for many years and signed up because it offered free checking and very low cost checks for a minimum $5 deposit into a savings account. As my family grew, I set up accounts for my children there as well. The locations were extremely convenient to my home and the drive-thru service was excellent.   Seven years ago, I moved to Arizona and was sad there wasn't a BECU branch locally anymore. But I stayed with BECU because they had provided me great service. My payroll checks are automatically deposited and when I do have a stray check that I need to deposit, I can use the  machine at 7-11 or go to one of two very near "Swirl" credit unions that allow me to do my banking there for free.  I can't imagine switching to a local bank now. The telephone service reps are terrific and very helpful. When I do make it back to Washington, I enjoy the locations near my parents' home. It's just like being at home even many states away.

I can't say enough good things about BECU. Since moving to Seattle a few months ago without a car, I was stressing out trying to find out ways to get around. Once I landed a job, this was even more important and was at the top of my priority list. I applied for a few loans but kept getting rejected, when someone told me to try BECU. I applied online for an auto loan of $15k, and was approved! All I needed to do was either go to one of their preferred dealers or just bring my approval form to a dealer of my choice and I would be ready to go! The process was so easy and it made my first car buying experience wonderful. I had a few hiccups and everyone I talked to on the phone was more than happy to help and provided me with great information. BECU is definitely the way to go!

BECU is by far the best financial institution I have ever given my business.  I have used several banks in the past and none of them measure up.  The part of this credit union I appreciate the most is their customer service.  They are always willing to help.  One example of this service is when some money was stolen out of my account.  I went into one of the branches and told them what was going on.  They shut off my cards and closed out my accounts.  I then, signed an affidavit, talked to someone on the phone and had my money credited back into my account that day.  This is just one example of the fine experiences I have had with this institution.  I would recommend them to anyone.

I came in here more than once to let them know I lost my wallet, lost my card, moved, or simply I had a simple question. I didn’t buy anything, or deposit any large sum of money but they treated me like I was their #1 customer. It’s such a great feeling to be treated not based on how much money you have, but instead I was treated based on my attitude. Because of this I recommend this credit union to all my friends and family. Beside the great customer service they also offer great benefits and account stuff you can sign up for. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a solid saving account or CD.

Over the years I have tried using all the major national banks and they have all caused me endless frustration.  About three years ago a friend was telling me about the credit union he was using and how happy he was with them - it was BECU and I signed up the next day and have been happy ever since.  Boeing Employees Credit Union has always provided me with great customer service and has never charged me with the seemingly random fees that other banks always tacked on to my account.  For me the sign of a fantastic bank is when I never have to contact them, which is exactly how it is with BECU.  I've never had to call and complain, whenever I've had to go into a branch the experience has been short and pleasant.  As an added bonus I get paid interest on the balance in my checking account.  I highly recommend BECU for anyone looking for a new banking services provider.

I had this credit union for over 3 years now. In 2010 I started an account at the branch on the ave (U district). The place was really small. There was no teller services. There was only 1 banker and they did all withdrawals and deposits through the atm that is right outside.  My favorite thing is that they are local which means they offer a debit card that has the UW logo  on it. In fact is also gold too! I really like how they allow refer a friend services and I got $10 each time. The staff was very friendly and they took their time with me.

I have been a BECU customer for many years and have always been a huge fan of this credit union. Although I live in California, being a customer isn’t a problem since they are very helpful over the phone and have a great website. Their interest rates are really reasonable and I have had good experiences with their credit card and doing balance transfers. If you have the ability, I highly suggest joining BECU. It is a wonderful credit union, not corrupt like a lot of the big banks and not pushy in trying to get customers to open new lines of credit or expand their credit limits.

Boeing Employees Credit Union was a credit union I frequently heard about on television and radio, particularly from satisfied customers on KISW.  I needed a basic checking account with your standard services, and tried BECU.  I am completely satisfied with all aspects of my service, and the customer service has been some of the best I've experienced.  The services really make you feel like your bank is better than the bigger banks out there.  The online services are also all up to par with my friends’ banks.  I plan to stick with BECU for the foreseeable future, and am completely satisfied.

Being with BECU has been a great experience. I got to consolidate some credit card debt on a single card with 0% interest. My personal banker is always friendly and looking at products that improve my financial well being. Switching over from a standard bank was a beneficial move and now I feel taken care of. In addition to the credit I have been using their free checking and money market accounts with zero monthly fees. I was worried switching everything over would be a tedious process but it was simple and pain free. I would recommend BECU to anyone looking for a new financial institution.

I have had a great experience with BECU, especially after years of doing business with a big bank. They pay decent dividends to their members, and since they are not trying to pad their profits they don’t charge lots of fees to access your own money or use their services. They also have great online services, like bill pay and Pop Money, which allows you to transfer money for no cost to other bank accounts, even non-BECU accounts. I was somewhat concerned at first about not being able to access my account when I was not near a branch, but they are part of a robust network of ATM’s, they have great phone customer service, and  they also have a great mobile banking app, which allows for mobile deposits. Even on the rare occasion that I can’t handle my business online or with an ATM, they partner with credit unions across the country so you can make deposits and withdrawals in person at partner branches. I recently took a cross country road trip, and had no problem doing my banking while I was travelling.

My experience with BECU has been amazing so far. One time I accidentally spent too much money at a convention and they actually called me to check up to see if my card was stolen or not. I told them everything was fine, but it was nice to see a credit union that cared about me. The people who work at the branches are also really friendly. They told me everything I needed to know about my accounts and went through the fine print with me. They have the best service compared to the other banks I have used. I am glad that I left my previous bank for this credit union. The rates are better and the service is better.

We went here right after I quit working for a large for profit bank. Right away I was impressed with the size and warmth of the branch but I was not prepared for the professional staff that I met soon after. Although there was a little wait, it was because this credit union has so many options available to you as a customer! Once we sat down, we were not hassled and told what we needed, but rather listened to and given exactly what we needed. I have only been with them for two years now but I can definitely say I will never go back to the old ways!

I've been with BECU for about a year and have found it to be a very pleasant and positive experience. I haven't tried to do any major financial activities with them, but my checking and savings accounts both have the highest interest rates I've ever gotten at any bank, so that's a definite plus. I also like the fact that you can withdraw money from any ATM in their network of credit unions, although it is sometimes hard to find one near where you are (my only complaint about them). I have also found the customer service to be very casual and friendly and the atmosphere inside the branches is pleasant. Overall, I would recommend BECU to anyone in their area.

I have been a member of Boeing Employees Credit Union (BECU) for the past three years. I have really loved banking with BECU because they do not charge unnecessary monthly account maintenance fees, and they offer very low APR's to customers with good credit. They have small neighborhood financial centers that have a friendly yet professional atmosphere, unlike other major banks that separate the customer by using security glass. It was very easy obtaining a personal line of credit, and refinancing my car with them was not a hassle. They make a customer feel appreciated and a welcome member of their credit union.

I joined BECU when I moved back to Seattle from Upstate New York a few years ago. They have been great to work with on the occasions when I needed to call and ask about something or go in to the branch and talk with someone in person. Their service is always friendly, professional and courteous. After years of dealing with the exorbitant fees and dismissive service at large for-profit corporate far more dedicated to the desires of their stockholders than the needs of their customers, I am very happy to be affiliated with an excellent credit union. I highly recommend Boeing Employee Credit Union. BECU is the best.

I've been a member of BECU for years and years. My college fund was originally set up under an account in my name from when I was a child, and I've been very satisfied with them ever since. Having lost cards, had to file charge-backs, discuss numerous questions, along with a veritable chest of other customer and consumer questions, BECU has always been very helpful and professional with handling all of my needs. I had lived in the Pacific Northwest where BECU locations were plentiful, but having moved back to the Southeast, I find it hard to meet in person with a BECU representative. That being said, I am still able to be a loyal member through the ease of use through the internet. I haven't seen a representative in person for a couple years now but am still able to carry on my business as usually. I am very satisfied with BECU.

I have been a long-time loyal member of BECU and have had no problems whatsoever. They have had the best customer service of any bank I have ever belonged to. One example was just two weeks ago when I received a call from BECU that my debit card number had been compromised and were cancelling my debit card and that I needed to go into a branch and get a new card. I went into my local branch and they were able to print me out a new card in 10 minutes! It was amazing. The next day I got a call from BECU that someone in California tried to spend $400 at Walmart with my card. BECU saved me a massive amount of headache and I couldn't imagine banking elsewhere.

I am extremely happy with my experiences with BECU. I enjoy their willingness to make the customer happy. I am happy with their ATM availability and ease of use. I like the interest gained on checking and savings, something I've never been able to get. I also appreciate the prestige of name dropping BECU with my friends. They always have tons of questions about them and want my own personal reviews and recommendations. I have had BOA, WaMu, and Chase before, but none of those were as easy to use and understand as BECU is for me. I have since converted nearly everyone in my family and a few of my friends. If anyone is looking for a credit union, I recommend you do the same. Top-notch!

I became a member of BECU last year, and so far I have had a wonderful experience. When I first applied and got a checking account, someone sat with me and explained everything very clearly. The process was really easy, and didn't take too long either. I went to withdraw money last week and one of the customer service employees sat with me and wanted to just find out how the experience was so far. It really seemed like she cared, and she gave me her card in case I had any questions, so I could personally contact her. They are also easy to get a hold of in the call center, and anytime I have had questions about charges or my balance they are resolved quickly!

I have been a customer of BECU for more than 10 years. I have never been dissatisfied with their service! I opened my own account on my 18th birthday and they have consistently been there for me for all of my banking needs. Now I am at a point where I would like to purchase a house or large property, and I am so grateful for all their help that I have received in this process. I firmly believe that my credit rating is great because of the credit cards that I received from them, and the advice I received as a naive 18 year old that included always paying off the card at the end of each month and purchasing responsibly.

I have been a BECU customer for more than 15 years. Services provided by BECU have exceeded my expectations: managing my accounts is simple, a have a credit card with an excellent rate, on-line services are top-notch, and no-fee ATMs and neighborhood centers are abundant.  All that said, the thing I appreciate most about BECU is the role it has had in developing my consumer credit. I believe the BECU credit products I've used (credit card, personal line of credit) have placed a significant role in building my FICO score and boosting my reputation as a good credit risk.  I also want to acknowledge the staff at BECU neighborhood centers. I've dropped in to one on numerous occasions and the service has always been prompt and straightforward.

BECU has been my credit union for over 15 years. When I first joined you had to know someone who worked for Boeing but now you just have to live in the state to join. A very nice benefit of the credit union is getting interest on your checking account. They are also starting to get more high tech with their services and now have a phone app that you can deposit checks with or you can scan the checks from your home computer. This service saves me a lot of time. They have a very friendly and professional staff at the location if you do need to go in to the bank. Another of my favorite benefits of BECU is the no fee ATMs.

BECU is the first banking institution I've ever enjoyed being a member of. When I used other big name banks in the past I always had many problems with undeserved fees, the amount of time it would take for things to clear and unsatisfactory customer service. From the first moment I signed up with BECU I could tell they were different. The application process was quick and easy and they were very clear about the different checking/savings options. I have never had a problem with fees and customer service has always been great if I have any questions. I highly recommend BECU to all my friends and family.

I have had nothing but excellent service with BECU. The staff is friendly and helpful. The new version of the mobile app for iPhone is great. I love being able to check my balance, transfer money, and deposit checks from anywhere. Being a part of a large credit union network you can use other credit unions across the country too. This came in handy while visiting Chicago I needed to make a deposit. I found a different credit union in the network and made the deposit without any problems. I will never bank with a traditional bank after finding the huge difference a credit union makes. I am 100% happy with BECU checking.

I'm so happy I made the switch from my former bank to this credit union. I love BECU, they're very community oriented – they even offer debit cards that are in the theme of my alma mater. They used to have a location in my grocery store which was really convenient, however, they've moved to their own location which is about 5 minutes away. They have a quick system of processing patrons that need to speak to a teller. I've taken out a line of credit and have opened a business account with them. I've even had documents notarized at the new location. Every time I go in, it is a pleasant and painless experience. I can't recommend them enough.

I signed up for my BECU accounts this past year at Seattle Pride. It was great to see them out supporting equality while working to expand their base. I especially appreciated that they offered a donation to charity with every sign up. That really sold it for me to give them a chance. I've been very happy so far. I feel like I am respected as a person. I appreciate that we get interest on our checking as well as our savings, although it is minor. They recognize that holding my money is a privilege not a right that they can use to twist my arm as many banks have been doing in recent years. The only problem I've had with them is that when I signed up for my account I didn't have a phone and the phone number is the only option to deal with password retrieval. I wish that he would have made me just choose a phone number that I would remember.

I've had BECU for about 6 years now. They're wonderful! I got reluctantly tossed into their membership due to them offering the best rate on a car loan. I'm so glad I chose to switch everything over to them. Customer service is amazing and everybody is amazingly nice at all the branches and on the phones. For example, I had a month where I couldn't make my car payment and I called them up to explain the circumstances. They gladly split my payment in half over a couple of months with no hassle at all to help me get back on my feet. About a year ago I had some major fraud occur on my account and an investigation was launched the same day, and I had my money back within 24 hours.   They're seriously there for their members, and I'm so happy to be among the membership. BECU is wonderful and I really enjoy being a part of a credit union that is big enough to offer us amazing deals and small enough to feel personal.

I have had very good experience with Boeing Employees Credit Union. They always have given me excellent service, kept close tabs on any activity that is occurring that may be questionable or fraudulent, and are always helpful and pleasant. It was the best thing I have done, banking wise, becoming a member of BECU. The only drawback I have experienced is after having moved across the country from the Seattle area, I no longer have any local BECU bank access and must use non-affiliated ATM's. This results in fees being charged by the local banks. Other than that, I love the BECU and love having no checking fees.

I have been a member of BECU for quite a few years now and I LOVE THEM! I opened a checking and savings account for myself and just recently opened an early savers account for my son. Their employees are always so helpful, polite and give great customer service. Even their telephone customer service is great. I had problems setting up and signing into my online banking at first and the employee who helped me on the phone was patient and very helpful! She went above and beyond what I asked for. I am very happy that I decided to change credit unions and join BECU! I intend on staying with them forever!!

I first joined Boeing Employees Credit Union while I was still in high school, opening a savings account there. Now I’m 31 years old, and have all of my bank accounts and loans through them! The tellers are friendly and helpful, and they go the extra mile to ensure that they’ve helped you to the best of their ability. They have way lower rates than any other bank, less fees, and you can always connect with a local agent when you call! Plus, now that they’ve opened up their membership to anyone, not just Boeing Employees it seems like their service has improved, which is impressive! Usually when there’s an influx of new business companies tend to start to let things slide, but not BECU. If anything, their service has become even more impressive!

I have been a member of BECU for almost 15 years now and in that time the customer service has been outstanding. Any time I have had a problem, one phone call and the problem has always been solved. BECU offers a variety of services that most banks charge you for. The fraud protection is great. I got my wallet stolen and my debit card was used to make purchases. BECU returned the money to me the same day that I reported the card stolen. Every employee at BECU takes a personal approach to every person that they deal with. I give BECU 5 out of 5 stars.

I have been a member of BECU for 5 years now and have been extremely impressed at all aspects of the company.  I have had a car loan, personal loan (both of which we've paid off early) and two savings accounts with them.  In the past, if I ever have a question or concern, I call their customer service department and I'm immediately connected to a local, native English speaker who is familiar with my account.  Recently I contacted their customer service regarding potentially opening a new loan; my query primarily centered on the difference between a personal loan and a personal line of credit.  To the uninformed, these two types of credit are interchangeable; however, the main differences, which I just learned, is that a personal loan has a cap of $3K but is closed ended (i.e. there is a definitive payoff date or "maturity").  A personal line of credit, to contrast, has a far higher loan amount ($25K) however is open ended (i.e. there is no definitive payoff date).  All this to say that I'm extremely impressed with BECU and would highly recommend them as a credit union to anyone.

I have been with BECU since 2002, and would not leave them for anything.  They have the absolute best customer service I've ever experienced, regardless of the medium.  They've assisted with identity theft, car loans, mortgages, savings, CDs, you name it!  When my identity was stolen a few years ago, they helped me on a Sunday afternoon, when every other institution was closed or told me to call back on Monday.  When I went through a divorce, they promptly helped me shut my accounts from my ex-husband, and changed account numbers so the funds weren't accessible by him any longer.  Every single time I've dealt with them, the employees are kind, happy, and super helpful.    There is absolutely nothing bad about BECU!  Plus, they have way lower interest rates for loans, and higher interest rates for savings/checking accounts.  I can do 99% of my banking online, or thru a mobile app on my phone, and I know if I need help, they're available.

I have been a member of BECU for a little over a year and am extremely pleased with their service. I decided to switch because the bank I was currently with was charging tons and tons of arbitrary fees that I could barely afford my own account. The application process wasn't painless, they would make an account over the web and I had to come in and prove I had a relative who worked for Boeing.  However, once I got my account set up they have been nothing but pleasant. Absolutely no fees on my account, even when I accidentally overcharged they didn't charge anything and resolved the issue very quickly.  The only problem I have with them is that my local branch does not have tellers, just ATMs, so when depositing a large check it may take a while for them to clear the funds.   I would greatly recommend them to someone looking for a good credit union

I've been a member at BECU for about a year now. I needed a place that would treat me with more respect than my other bank (BOA). I can say that being with BECU made me much happier. The tellers are always very friendly and talk to me like an equal person. The one thing that was a bit of an inconvenience was that when I first tried applying online, they said my credit was low so they didn't accept me right away. They never sent me an email, I had to be the one that emailed and called in to find out what was taking so long. Finally I got a reply that said I needed to go in person. Good thing they helped me a great deal. There are no fees which is something I am thankful for. The application process was a minor setback, but everything afterwards made up for it. Consider joining a credit union because it will save you a lot of money in the long run.

I have been a member of Boeing Credit Union since I arrived in Seattle in 1997 and I would never leave them. I moved from San Diego to Tukwila and I was looking for a trustworthy Credit Union that had a reputation for outstanding customer service. Everyone that I would talk to would rave about BECU, so I decided to give them a try. The one thing that I appreciate the most about Boeing Credit Union is their drive through tellers. You don't even have to get out of the car to go inside the bank, this works great especially if you are in hurry and the line moves very quickly as well because they have multiple lanes.   I also feel incredibly safe at BECU. I've had one incident where my purse was stolen and my credit cards were used. BECU was quick to reverse the charges, so I had my money instantly available to me so I could go about my business. Seriously, the employees of BECU are some of the nicest people you will ever meet, they truly do value their customers and they are great at making sure you are enjoying your experience.

I have been with Boeing Employees Credit Union since I got my first babysitting job at 14. I have never had anything but amazing things to say about them. They always have fantastic customer service. There is always an ATM nearby. Many of them have the awesome check scanning and bill counting technology so you donât need to worry about an envelope (and they had this technology way before Bank of America started advertising it on TV). I love that I get great interest rates on all of my accounts (i.e. checking, saving, CDs etc). There is no way I would ever switch banks.

I'ÂÂve been with BECU for two years and so far my experience has been great. Opening an account was fast and easy and the employee who helped me was very knowledgeable and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. The primary reason I switched to BECU is because I wanted a credit union where I could receive free incoming wire transfers. As someone who does freelance work, it was important not to have to pay outrageous fees each month. This is what got me in the door at BECU, however I soon learned about their amazing interest rates for both checking and saving account and ended up opening one of both. I never plan on leaving BECU.

I have been banking with BECU for about 4 years, and I have never had such a positive experience with any other bank.  I do all bill paying online, which was easy to set up and has always gone smoothly.  Their locations and fee-free ATMs are everywhere in the Puget Sound area, and their customer service is always great.   I recently had trouble with a check I deposited- the ATM didn't seem to 'read' the check properly.  I went into a local branch and they had sorted the matter out in about 5 minutes.  If I had a complaint, it would only be that the branches inside Safeway don't handle cash.  This is a pretty minor issue though, because their ATMs are everywhere- however recently I wanted to cash in some bonds and they were unable to do it.

I've been with BECU for over 8 years and can say that this is one of the most customer oriented credit unions around. They are probably some of the most friendly and most helpful people you can imagine. I have had my car loan with them since 2007 and really like the easy access they offer, such as having branches in many of my local grocery stores like Safeway. I have recently gone paperless with my statements and can say that that has also been a smooth transition. Great company, even if you don't work for Boeing like so many people here in the Pacific Northwest Seattle Area.

