Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hello, I needed help! My husband was diagnosed with acute kidney failure 2years ago which later took his life last year September, my medical bills was on high along side with five other negative marks. I tried to work on my negative items and hard inquiries with different credit company but nothing happened. I read about 760Plus Credit Score on this platform and I took the chance say risk again after what I have passed through in the hands of scammers posed Hackers, I was scared trusting huge amount of money and my information to a total stranger but I decided to give him a try. I’m surprised by the result I got afterward. Their TEAM RAISED  my poor credit score from 643 to 818 fico score in 7days. Contact them via 760pluscreditscore at gmail dot com 916  888  4118.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Contact METRONET CREDIT SOLUTION for fast and genuine credit fix. They helped me raise my score from 561,565,568 to 795 and removed all negative items, evictions and foreclosures. Now, I’m able to get my dream car and they made sure I got the best deal for my home and now I and my family get to enjoy it with a low payment! We are grateful to them for their help. You can reach them on metronetcreditsolution@gmail.com or call/text (205)518-3032.

Contact METRONET CREDIT SOLUTION for fast and genuine credit fix. They helped me raise my score from 561,565,568 to 795 and removed all negative items, evictions and foreclosures. Now, I’m able to get my dream car and they made sure I got the best deal for my home and now I and my family get to enjoy it with a low payment! We are grateful to them for their help. You can reach them on metronetcreditsolution@gmail.com or call/text (205)518-3032.

Capital One's customer service is the WORST ever ! When my credit card was stolen, customer service treated me like a criminal, and failing to verify my identity, threatening me with sending a new credit car in one week. If somebody steals your credit card info, you'll be punished by the company, I had to pay $16 to have my new credit card sent in 3 days. CAPITAL ONE profits from fraud.  Horrible people

The lousiest customer service EVER! The outsourced service teams are just terrible! Long wait times and issue unresolved. Made a credit card cash payment at one of its bank branches and 48 hours later payment still unrecorded and not located.

They charged me $9.00+ for a 1 day late payment.  I hadn’t had an interest charge in years.  Always paid in full.  Long time user.  Also refused to lower interest rate from 23.99 percent. Again long term customer.  So I put it on hold to not lose travel points.

Fast, safe approval I can take with me everywhere with the assurance that it will not be rejected, it is among the best credit cards.

They gave me a chance when nobody else would. These smaller credit card companies with very high interest rates say no cap one. #1

I love this card and even though the interest-rate is a little high as long as you pay your bill in full every month do you have nothing to worry about. There are no extra fees if you do that also and they are very easy to work with and they have a live person on the line

So far so good. I don’t have the best credit but capital one has given me the lowest interest rate I have ever received so I can’t complain to much.

I’ve always loved capital one. I have a couple of cards with them and plan to open more accounts. I really like the cash back cards.

It is fine as far as credit cards go. I mean, they all overcharge ... but I try to keep it down and pay on time so the huts are not overwhelimng

Saks has excellent customer service , beautiful presentations , great selection of items & sales .  My favorite store to shop !!!!!

BE WARNED!  Capital One is strictly junk cards.  Unfortunately one of my offices wanted one of their business cards, despite my warnings.  Capital One will pull your personal credit several times, then will report balances to your personal credit.  None of my other business cards report to my personal credit.  Customer 'Service' has no explanation as to why, and no help available.  Go through a real company like Chase, or better yet AMEX.

Save yourself a strike on your credit report.  Just wanted a convenient walmart card for deliveries.  740 credit score not good enough for them. Capital One will NEVER be in my wallet.  Walmart is losing me as a customer as well.

Outstanding card! I started out with a Capital One platinum. After making payments on time. I was offered a Cap One Quicksilver with cash back rewards. I accepted of course. Capital One is above and beyond most cards out there.

I opened an account and deposited money in the initial setup. There is nothing on my end that shows the account exists. I learned that if you have a credit card account, you need completely different login/account for the 360 checking. This still doesn't solve nothing showing the account exists. The email confirming I created an account wants me to setup an online account. I try that, and it tells me all my accounts are setup. YET, no checking account anywhere to be found. I call customer service and they say they can see the checking account but don't know why I can't see it anywhere and why it tells me it's all setup. It's been days of this. I have yet to actually see the account.

Good daily user straightforward rewards you spend you get rewarded. It's been around and proven it's worth using it periodically based upon my needs.</p>

This car loan belongs to my daughter, unfortunately she couldn’t get the financing she wanted without me on the loan with her. This could be a high risk for me due being over the income ratio and not allowing me to purchase credit in the near future.

Outstanding card. I started out with a Capital One platinum. After making payments on time. I was offered a Cap One Quicksilver with cash back rewards. I accepted of course. Capital One is above and beyond most cards out there.</p>

Wonderful card. They let me try it when I was at my worst. I started with the secured card. Graduated to unsecured…then got credit increases. I love it for the cash back. Also, great customer service!!

The Kohl’s Capital One credit card is a great card with great benefits and some great rewards and the interest rate is decent if you have decent credit.</p>

Horrible customer service. Been with this company for more than 9 years and not a single time they consider you a loyal customer. Not recommending to anyone. Interest rate is super high. Even though you pay on time for all these years, no value. Closing both of my accounts. Totally disappointing!

Great company, helps build my credit , amazing service reps, I so far have no complaints I'm happy I went with capital one for my first credit card builder

I like the card, it has helped me build my credit back. I would advise anyone to try this card to rebuild your credit. </p>

THE INTEREST RATE ON THIS CARD IS INSANE, 29.9%! HENCE WHY I CAN'T GET THIS PAID OFF - INCLUDING THIS COVID NIGHTMARE AND BEING LAID OFF.</p>

It took nearly one year and calling for over two months to finally reach someone who wasn't a complete idiot so that they would send my title to my new state. After a year my new state has put a hold on my registration because CapitalOne hasn't provided the title from the previous state. I now have a car I cannot drive legally and no one at CapitalOne cares. They're too big to care. They're awful and I will NEVER use them again. Maybe if you don't move states or EVER have to call them they're ok. Try to get some Customer Service and you're out of luck. Their mantra is to tell you anything to get you off the phone.

Great! it is a very good card. I love this card the most. It saves me a lot of money and all the offers, rewards etc. are also awesome.

It’s ok I just didn’t shop there much so I just use the kohl’s cash but yes it a good card to have there is no annual fee good card to have

Be aware that you will be required to send an image of your signed social security card if your card is flagged for fraud. I realize that sounds absurd, but that is what has happened to us while traveling in Mexico after using our card for three days here. This requirement was verified by a second-level supervisor. We luckily have other cards, but I’m not even sure where my social security card is, much less make it a standard thing to take out of the country.

cell phone insurance is a big disappointment. Paid my cell phone bill for years and when I needed coverage it was denied on a technicality after a month of card insurance coverage saying documentation was not valid after sending in many bills and statements. Just another marketing ploy that is really worth what you pay for it. nothing...</p>

Solid card for everyday spending. The fees are low and the rewards are easy to understand, but there are better cards for rewards. Great first card for anyone getting into credit card rewards.

It serves me well and I have not had any issues with capital one and their reporting of my card use. Thanks for helping me maintain my credit

Capital One is the HARVEY WEINSTEIN of credit cards. While waiting on funding to purchase a new home, they reduced my credit limit causing my FICO score to drop by 13 points. This is blackmail to increase your spending habits. The only thing left out was signing a non-disclosure agreement for my silence. I took a screenshot if they would like to refute my accusations!</p>

Great rates. I had an issue with fraud and Capital one was very good and quick with resolving the issue. I was not liable for any fraudulent charges</p>

Awesome card no hidden fees just a good experience with them helping build my credit up the customer service has been great think of switching to their checking as well</p>

Para mí es la mejor compañía de tarjetas de créditos,aunque algunos no lo piensen así, yo confío en capital one,ellos me están dando una nueva oportunidad crediticia

Always reflects what has been bought and shows what I need to pay. They have treated me very well and have notified me of fraudulent purchases to my card I have had to get it replaced and it was fast and convenient sticking with them</p>

Their phone access is very easy to use to get balance info and to make payments. I Have Enjoyed using my capital one card. Thank you</p>

I am paying the statement balance each month yet it is next to impossible to change last month's balance into this month's amount. I like the cash back on all purchases this is a general-purpose credit card. My credit score needed work so I initially opted for a partially secured card from Capital One. I graduated up in available credit from $200 to $1300 which is low but this is helpful since my credit was bad when I started out.. My credit score has improved to the good category which helps on my auto insurance quotes. It helps me to have good credit for car rentals and hotels which makes the Quicksilver a good fit. I'm giving this card a low score because of a poor website experience plus the plastic itself. Customer service is outsourced to the cheapest --and poorest ESL who read from a script. The card looks phony and cheap which could lead to it being culled at the cash register plus the new card sticker leaves a sticky gob on the face of the card</p>

I like this card. The Venture One card is great for everyday use. The miles add up quickly and we were able to go on a great vacation with them.</p>

Because you are still reporting me as an authorized user on this account and I am NOT!!!!! Please stop reporting that I am keeping my credit score in a negative light.</p>

I appreciate this card.. It's a Great card for everyone. Great for whoever may have an emergency or just wants a mini-vacation.. Thanks Capital One</p>

Great card, good rewards for limited credit scores. They have awesome customer service and have always handled any issues I had quickly and effectively. I am very impressed with them. I hold multiple accounts with Capital One, including credit, debit, and savings accounts. I will continue to be a customer in the long-term.

I love my capital one its my go to card.  No annual fee and cash back is great. Line of credit increases happened without me requesting.

Great card came quickly and is used anywhere. I am working on my credit and this card helped me raise my credit and I am learning all the little quirks about keeping my spending  lower to help future credit.

This company constantly flags and holds legitimate payments for weeks on end. You will make timely payments and then they won't apply them to your balance for WEEKS. They will require you to make a 3-way call to your bank and divulge personal information to a third party to 'verify the payment posted'.  Excuse me , its 2021- I have an app that shows me the payment posted weeks ago... They will keep your money and hold it at will. You've been warned.

I'm happy with this card, I have no desire to write a review, but this part is apparently mandatory. Not the best system in my opinion.

Great card with 3% cash back on Entertainment, Dining and Groceries wiith 1% cash back on everything else. Pick your own due date makes it easy to be on time every time.

Excellent card to have..no issues with this card, I use it for gas and groceries mostly..my monthly rewards are normally  20 to 30 dollars

nice card ... wish I could have gotten this card even when I was younger because it would’ve really boosted my soy credit</p>

This is a secured credit card i opened to start building my credit score when my score was 0, within 2 months my score hit 662, i then got an unsecured card,score is now 666 and climbing.

My payment always seemed to get “misplaced “ with a different reason given to me every time from their staff. Very hard to get someone on the phone who knows what to do to assist you without being transferred millions of times.

This company knows I have been laid off and it’s constantly calling me and calling me and calling me laid off due to COVID-19 In time I will resolve this issue because I know how important my credit score is

the card is great when i do need it and it has 0 percent interest for one year if i wanna use it for something big , like a pinball machine..

when i need the card it is there ,and it gives a discount for using it, my balance is zero on the card right now , even though it shows a bal..

Used the card for the travel points.  Booked a simple domestic flight for my family.  Attempted to make a same day change to the morning from afternoon.  The sites says plenty of flights available.  Can't do the change online.  Now on hold for almost two hours.  NOT WORTH THE HASSLE!

Great experience!! Excellent staff and comfortable conversation they really make u feel welcome to be apart of their family!! I would recommend anyone.

I have been with Capital One for a very long time and they have always been great to me. The only issue I have had is them not being responsive to helpful things like goodwill adjustment letters to remove negative remarks on credit reports. I feel since I have been a loyal customer and have financed several cars with them they should be willing to assist with cleaning up credit. Everyone falls on hard times and sometimes to no fault of their own.

My favorite place for life’s needs sounds like a new slogan card holders should always receive 30% off coupons it’s really the only time I’m likely to go shopping

Sadly I no longer have this vehicle. Due to an issue that had nothing to do with me I was sold this vehicle that did not have the title so the car dealership placed me in another truck.

Building my credit. Had a 537 score when I got approved. It went down to 521 but it's on its way back up now. I had to spend more than 30% of my limit the first few months but now I can keep it below. So it should go up quicker.

Years of on time payments however still no credit increases!I believe I have proven to be a great customer that had excellent credit in past more than 20 cards many with high limits. I had 2 months credit in mid 700s and just shut all my cards off put my credit below 500!!!!but capital one kept me & I have 3 cards with them & think it would only be right to increase my limits...</p>

I absolutely love Walmart rewards Mastercard! I originally got it to help build my credit score, and it has helped, along with my other card and credit builder accounts! Thanks so much Y'all!!!

We thought this was a handy deal.  The rate is on the high side, but most store cards are.  This was an opportunity to get more cash back from our purchases at Menards as it is a 2% rebate card which is issued quarterly.  At least it's supposed to be.  We've had the card for over a year.  We didn't use it for a while as our local Menards store was in the process of being built and then the pandemic hit.  We started doing things around the house this past spring and got the rewards up to a little over $23.  It was showing in the account in June, but supposedly was redeemed on 7/1.  We called the customer service number and got conflicting stories.  I don't think that Capital One even knew the difference of the 11% rebates received off of purchases made in the store, but had to be sent in to Menards which didn't require the card being used and is processed through Menards.  And actually getting a rebate from Capital One for 2% of any purchases when their card was used.  That is something that is automatic and doesn't need sent in and is through Capital One.  It's issued every quarter as long as it's over $5.  There is debate as whether it's applied to your Capital One account or towards Menards Merchandise.  The CSR first stated we were in Menards on 7/1.  We were not.  Supposedly redeemed there.  Then all of a sudden it's been applied to our credit account.  I was looking right at it during the conversation, and I can tell you it was not.  So I've paid all I've owed on this account and waiting for the statement cutoff to see if we do indeed get either.  I doubt the rebate via merchandise.  It's been 10 days.  Nothing in the mail.  If not on the account, I stand by my review and will close the account.  That's called fraud.  Lying.  Misrepresentation.  And complete stupidity.  Honestly, you offer a card you know nothing about.  SMDH

I enjoy this card! Great rewards and building credit if you’re considering this credit card I would recommend it. All of my close associates have it!

Always pay on time and even amount or more and on time and has a good capital one app so I can get alerts and pay on time and continue to use services</p>

Truly grateful to be rebuilding my credit with Capital One! I’m 3 months In and my credit has already gone up. My husband's credit is now building too because of this card .</p>

Restrictions and I sent them my id and they still haven't fixed it and they said would ruin my card if I cancel account but they gonna close eventually because it hasn't gotten fixed idk</p>

I love the rewards! This cards is the most reinforcing of the cards that I have. I would definitely recommend this card to friends and family.

Great card to rebuild credit! I ran into a bind during covid and couldn't pay my card to current. Afterwards, I'm proud to say I've paid it to a 6% credit utlilization

A great starter card. Helps keep you inside your budget and if managed correctly you can keep your utilization under 10%. I would definitely recommend to friends</p>

Thanks Capital one, I have paid my card in full. I will only use this card in an emergency situation. It's been quite useful in the time that I have used, Thank You.</p>

If you’re looking to build your credit DO NOT use Cap 1 - they bait you and then you’re stuck with fees & high rates forever. Many companies can/will review your account and offer new/different terms. Not this company. They are not customer-friendly and not worth the trouble. And yes, I’ve never missed or been late with a payment and never pay just the minimum. I am serious about my credit rebuild but never should’ve used Cap One.</p>

Love how this card has boosted my credit score. I use it for all of my purchases and pay it off weekly. It’s much more secure than my visa debit card.

I love Capital One, they have always been good to me from the very beginning. They report my payments I make on time and have helped me establish myself.

Love the card. Cash back on every purchase, payments post immediately user friendly phone app.  I definately recommend the card.. Keep up the great work.

no yearly fees ,easy to use in app and website.,excellent on line shopping experience. would love a larger credit limit . its probably when don't use it as much

Love my loan company they are very easy to talk to and answer all my questions.  Would recommend to anyone.and I love the app that they have also

I like that there is no annual fee for my credit card. They offer cash back but I have never used it. But I have received 200 for referring friends. Love my card

Awesome thanks I am loving this affliction so far.  I hope everyone jumps on board and uses this to their advantage I love it good job

Worst of the worst.  Don't be taken in by their cutsey ads. If you've made an innocent mistake, they will treat you like a criminal. I mistakenly made payments on the wrong Cap One card, (I had two).  Once I realized my mistake, I requested a credit on the late fees.  Their response, in so many words was, "Pay up sucker". I promptly closed my account.  Upon further research, I discovered that they are #1  in suing their credit card holders. I'm sure they view that as a supreme accomplishment.

Drastic changes to my credit score in only 2 months of having the account. I'm very pleased.  They've given me a realistic line of credit. And they make sure making payments at any point in time is easy.

great starter card, granted I have been waiting since the beginning of covid for a card replacement with updated name... would be a lot better with cash back or fuel rewards

These guys are a fair card to have if your credit is not the best and you want to rebuild it. The interest rate isn’t the best but not the highest. Credit limits are low which keeps you out of trouble and the customer service is pretty good.

So far they have been very pleasant to work with. Even through all this covid stuff they were always there to help. Of and when i decide on another card it will be with them.

I like going to Kohl’s they have good stuff to buy I try not to go there too often because I love to spend money and I will use my card like crazy thank you</p>

Like I said I have two credit cards with Capital One they have always given me increases and they are a good credit card company to have credit cards with thank you

DO NOT EVER deal with Capital One- They put a lien on my house and are denying it even after they determined it was fraudulent! I have wasted hours upon hours on the phone and can’t find anyone who cares or even knows what they’re doing!

Capital one has been a good card for me. Took some work to get it but it has helped me out a great deal with getting and maintaining my credit score

They trusted me when others wouldn’t. I went through a nasty divorce about 4 years ago was left with some debt I’m slowly trying to pay off. Thanks Capital one!!

My initial limit was only $500 but it increased to $750 automatically after 6 on time payments.  It's great for building credit and use for monthly expenses

So far so good. Only had this card for 3 months now and so far have had no issues whatsoever, great for building up your credit..to be continued...</p>

Kohl’s  has the best clothes in the best prices I really enjoy their credit card as I never have a balance because I pay it off every month.

Solid card with great customer service. Credit wise is a great way to keep track of your credit. Only downside is $39.00 annual fee.

They have the best service and financing available and they’re always there to help you in any thing you need about your account  With no questions

Capital one's great card to have it will help you build your credit it is a unsecured card I recommend this credit card for anyone that's trying to build their credit

Good rewards. Kohl's cash bonus cool-looking card. Friendly store good selection.</p>

They have been fair with credit limits and my payments clear quickly. The app is easy to use and the rewards are fair to good depending on categories. Overall I'm very happy with Capital One Quicksilver and Walmart Card.

Awesome way to boost your credit fast and learn more on how to use spendable debt, this has been a fun experience but 1 thing that could be improved is the customer service, half the time they are too hard to understand or don't have a good answer and transfer you to other departments.</p>

I have excellent credit and have had the card for 8 years, yet they refuse to increase my credit line which is a mere $500. I don’t get it.

Too high of interest. I think they gouge you with interest charges and/or rates.  I haven’t really got anything else to say about them except for their interest rates are sky high

I’m giving it a three due to their system with a third party. You can pay your payment on time but you will have to wait for the system to update before it is considered on time or late. Plus to say they take the money every month on time it’s always late because of the system they use. I will not use them again for anything.

Great card always pay on time they increased my credit limit because of my credit history paying on time ,this card also built my credit</p>

Worst credit card company ever. Very un-friendly policies. Service agents repeat the same gibberish. Supervisors are worse. Avoid!

Trusted credit resource for our family, past and future generations to come.</p>

Good service, I like that it has an app...</p>

Good card just think I need a higher limit.I do understand that my credit isn’t as good as everyone eleses but for a 19 year old student I believe that I am doing great.

Capital one credit card it’s a good card with a nice starting balance for someone who is trying to rebuild or start a new credit profile

The Capital One VentureOne rewards credit card is a good starter travel credit card. With no annual fee, it earns 1.25 miles per dollar. Redemption is easy by either covering the cost of travel expenses you’ve already put on the card or by transferring your points out to any of their limited number of travel partners.

Capital one always have my back. Great customer service too. I would definitely recommend this card to anyone even with bad credit, as I had when I started.

I am in love with all of Capital One services.  Have a Checking account and savings account as well as my Car loan with them.  Great Service wonderful company to do business with

They won’t give me a better interest rate even though I have NEVER missed a payment, never been late and always pay more than the minimum. I’ll never use them again.

It really helped me and my wife get started rebuilding our credit now we have a couple of cards and our credit is over 600 for both of us highly recommend this  card but you have to be responsible  with it

Thanks for sharing this message with me and my friend and my family thanks so much for sharing your time with us all the time and I appreciate your help thanks for reaching out to me and my dear friend you have a great evening and I hope you have a great weekend enjoy yourself dear friend pray all is well with you guys good luck with your life

Capital One Bank is an Awesome bank. I have had nothing but a great experience with them. I am pleased with the various products/ services that I have with them.

I have been having trouble with Capital One credit card because I cannot update my phone number. They are unable to verify my identity but they told me I am still able to use the credit card which seems suspicious

Love this card, use it all the time it does take long when you pay a payment your credit limit is available soon. I will recommend this card to anyone

It’s ok. Get discounts on stuff I already plan on buying. I would suggest to someone who already shops at kohls. It does motivate me to shop there more often.

So far my Capital One card has been very useful. It has a very nice website that is very easy to use.. their service department has been very easy to use and the people have been nice to talk to and very helpful.</p>

Got it to help my credit and so far it has. Plus only has 2 pay half as the secured amount so $99 for a total of $200 I can charge if need to.

Great card,another one that I was able to get to help improve my credit,may buy gas or a lunch here or there,then pay it off to continue maintaining decent credit

Good  starter  card.   Enjoying very much...  I improved  my  credit  score  fast  and my credit is so much. Better. Thank you!!!!

lost 48 points on my TU 778 score filling for this card 4 weeks ago.</p>

They are horrible customer service is awful. I will pay this off and never finance another vehicle but if I do it won't be with them. They are horrible</p>

Great credit card to build credit. It is a Capital One Platinum. Credit limit increases on time without asking. Glad I chose them and got accepted.

Avoid Capital One at all costs!!! I've had a card with them for over 20 years. It's mostly been used as an emergency backup, or for occasional large purchases. Multiple times now, they have not authorized purchases, once leaving me stranded while on vacation, far from home. Repeatedly I've had to spend hours on the phone with them in order to make a single simple purchase. The decades of business I had given them meant nothing them. They would tell me numerous times that the problem was fixed, and that it was ok to use the card, only to have it be declined again and again. They are liars and they are incompetent. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH CAPITAL ONE!!!!

After reestablishing (rebuilding) my credit Capital One  Platinum was the first cc company to extend a non-secured cc. Again, pay your balance in full when you can and if you cannot make your payments on time. Capital One is deserving of the 5 stars.

Teaching me how to build my credit up have enjoyed everything about this card and I cant wait until my credit is even better thank you

I have always been with capital one and they have been awesome to me and will stay with them customer service is very helpful and advise appropriate

This card is ok paid it down a while ago and will continue to use it when the need arises other that that not much more to say about this card

Doesn’t want to work everywhere i have issues getting gas the app to track and pay the card doesn’t work for me either it takes me to credit wise instead

Love the company - wish they would increase my limit- perfect payments, great income, homeowner but cannot get and increase. It’s embarrassing- if the limit was higher I would use it more

Love the kohl’s rewards!  It was super easy to apply and easy to make payments as well. The store has great benefits. Would definitely recommend.

Capital one is a great card to have. I have used it for emergencies such as mechanical break downs, hurricane evacuation, vet bills. It is accepted anywhere you go. I have paid off my balance and I’m hoping to get a better interest rate

It's been a great card.</p>

Highest credit limit of all my cards.  I used it to collect miles.  Recently paid for hotel with miles for a week.  No complaints.

Love the app. Interest rates are always sky high. But it was a first time loan for my daughter. Had a capital one loan years ago that worked out ok.

Both the Capital One Venture One Rewards Card, and Venture Rewards Cards are by far Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards on Earth.....

Good for clothes. I used it to buy my suit for my interview but sometimes their clothes fit weird. I also used this card for Christmas last year and am still paying it off because the interest

Awesome I love the way you can get cash advances and see every single transaction I wish sometimes you could delete some so my wife won't see what I buy</p>

Easy, in store or on line shopping, good prices on name brand clothing and household items. Easy payment on line. Easy pick up services and Amazon returns

I enjoy easy pay! Thank You It helps me immensly. During the times of covid cash-paying has become difficult and using this card makes life easier for me!!!</p>

This card has been amazing. I never used credit. If I didn't have the money to buy it, I just didn't buy it. My credit sadly suffered the most. It's greatly helped my score go from 4 to 680 in less than 6 months. No hassles. No deposits. Thanks Capital One, I'm finally getting that new car.</p>

i got this secured card to improve my credit score. i think it went down - i have not even used it. I have no idea why it went down.

Good for credit building. Comes with zero annual fee, no foreign transaction fee, APR is little high. All together it’s a good choice for building credit or to repair as well.

1st Unsecured card ever! Has helped me gain over 100 points in a year. Among other things. Credit is pretty simple once you learn the common sense things.

This account has been convenient as an assistant to credit building! This account is also another good credit monitoring tool as they give me score and other account updates...

Always helpful. Agents are friendly. If I have a problem with a product or service, the agents are always there to help. I am buiding my credit with this card. Thanks Capital One. And those who represent you.

Great card with a great offer for the first 6 months of use if you spend 500, they'll give you 200 back. They also offer zero interest the first year if you carry a balance. The app helps ensure you're completely aware of your balance and can turn off the card if it's lost or stolen. I'm really happy with everything so far.</p>

They are great.  If there is an error on their end they fix right away. Today I called and they are updating the account.  I currently have a zero balance but they reported I had a balance and a late payment.  They apologized and corrected.

Not sure about this card yet. First credit card I've had. A bit scared of it. Will be used for food and supplies for my pets. That's it

Rigid and poor customer service policies. No card upgrades, no limit increases, and even with good credit you will get shafted on interest. I was a customer for 3 years. Never ever late. They would not raise my limit. They would not upgrade me to a better card. I had to apply like a new customer. I was denied. When i finally got a mail offer for a better card, they approved it at the lowest possible limit for the highest possible apr (my credit score is almost 800 btw with 100% on time payments and no accounts in collections). If i hadnt already suffered the hard pull to get the card it would not have even been worth my time to accept it. Your business means NOTHING to them. Stay away. Go with AMEX or Citibank.

Capital One does not care about your business! Despite making several payments monthly, early payments - it doesn't matter.  If you have a bad month and are one day late - THEY WILL NOT TAKE OFF THE LATE FEE.   CAPITAL ONE DOES CHARGE YEARLY FEES TO HAVE THEIR CARD.   THIS COMPANY IS ALL ABOUT MAKING MONEY AND CHARGING LARGE INTEREST FEES!   DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET ANOTHER CARD!!!

Decent card to have as a backup. The initial balance  can be a problem for people trying to manage the 30% rule to keep from hurting their credit scores.

Great card to have. I applied to work on my credit and there are no tricks. Straightforward. I enjoy having this card knowing it will continue to work as described.</p>

Would not recommend to anyone high interest rate and they will not increase credit line even thought I have been with them for years</p>

Excellent card for me . I was rewarded an interest drop ,  Year number 6 in membership privilege. I highly recommend this as a primary credit card!

It's my first credit card and I'd consider it to be a great start-up card for people with no or limited credit history. They make paying your balance easy and quick.</p>

I love capital one. They are the best.Any other company hit you with all kind of annual fees monthly fees purchase fees with them you don’t have to worry about none of that whether it’s a secured card or  unsecured card

I just started this loan but am finding it convenient to pay online and like the ease so it isn't very time consuming.  I am confident that I can make payments on time helping improve my credit score.  Mahalo Capital One.

I am glad that I have capital one credit card. Thank you so much for the approval credit for me. I would definitely would recommend to everyone who needs credit this is good starting point

Great card! Started with a secured card, but after a year of on time payments, they gave me back my deposit and qualified me for the Quicksiler with an unsecured, no annual fees, and a $3,000 credit limit! I HIGHLY recommend.

I applied for the Kohl's card over 2 years ago when I had little to no credit, I was just starting to build my credit. Kohl's was the only credit card willing to give me a chance & I'll always be grateful for that... my credit score has since gone up significantly & my credit limit has increased, as well. My experience with kohl's & capital one has always been positive, customer service is always nice & helpful & the Kohl's cash rewards is one of the best rewards programs. I was able to get some amazing things for my daughter for her birthday/Christmas using kohl's cash which I'm also grateful for so, YES! I would definitely recommend this card to anyone.

Capital One always meets my needs.  I recommend their various cards to anyone who likes to earn rewards.  They have various cards with various promotions that are always great!

I shop regularly online at Amazon, Target and Costco and am specially attracted by the 5% reward I receive for online purchases for using their credit cards. I also shop at Walmart but not as much because I did not have a reward card with  them. So I applied for the Walmart Capital One card to take advantage of the 5% rebate. My FICO score is north of 825, never had a late payment in the last 25 years and my credit utilization rate is under 5%. My credit limit with American Express is $25K, $15K with Visa, $10K with Mastercard  and I  have other credit cards with a total credit limit of over $50K. Capital One approves my application with a credit limit of $300(!!!!). Since a couple visits to the Walmart grocery store and a few sundry purchases would catapult me over the $300 limit I requested an increase in my credit limit, on line,  hoping for at least an increase to $500. My request was summarily rejected because I was a new customer. Needless to say, everything else being equal, Walmart will be at a 5% handicap when I shop around. I hope they recognize the situation Capital One is putting them in.

Have used them for a long time. Easy to make payments. No hassle. I recommend them to anyone who wants a great credit card. If you have fair to good credit, the odds of being approved are good.</p>

Worst credit card experience ever! Customer service is not helpful. I sent a payment of $9,436.01 20 days BEFORE DUE date and they put my card on hold for 1 week, I called their customer service and I was advise to send a bill pay to accelerate payment process, so I did! (I wanted to use my card for a big purchase and take advantage of the sky miles) I sent and additional $10,000 and even though the money cleared my bank they didn’t release my account!! They actually told me that the additional $10,000 will be on hold for another week. Why I’m getting punished for paying my card? Because they don’t like customers like me who pay on time and in full, they want you in debt and broke.  Customer service was rude and conceited. I have the right to be upset when you are sitting on almost $20,000 taken from my bank account and freezing my credit card. I regret opening and account with Capital One so much!

This is the kind of company that drives you to suicide. Especially during times like today. They kept trying to draft an account that wasn’t authorized for them to draft from and they closed my account right after I added my wife and just ruined us both. Something like this shouldn’t be devastating especially now. The sad part is they owe me money. Keep your cards they are suicide cards

Wallet has really helped me remain aware when I rarely fall short or forget to pay a bill. Watching my credit grow over 7 years has been amazing.

Capital one has been very fair with my credit needs. I would definitely recommend Capital One.</p>

Very easy to work with.  Easy to set up and make changes to online payments.  Never had a reason to talk with them because we have done everything online.

Awesome card.  They proactively monitor and report.  Automatically increase limits and just upgraded my card to a Quiksilver cash rewards card without changing account numbers!

I just wish Capital One were more interested in helping people in improving their credit lines and ability to grain more responsibility for customers can gain more opportunities.</p>

It’s helping me tremendously love the flexibility and convenience of using the card alongside credit wise would recommend this card to anyone who is looking to improve their situation

Always great service, easy to understand. The only negative is a yearly fee. I can see the first year until your credit is established but after several years....</p>

I like the card so far, it has been easy to track and use. The company is easy to get ahold of too! I plan I staying with this card for a long time!

It's a good card to have. I am trying to rebuild my credit after a divorce. Capital one is the only card that was willing to give me a chance to prove myself

They gave me a second chance and so far I haven't let them down. Within a year they have raised my credit limit without me having to ask them to.

Totally painless with auto navigator and not a bad rate considering my credit history at the time . Capital one has been a great way for me to build my credit and to also get money when I need it

Capital one is pretty awesome and they help stabilize my credit score my credit limit and worthlness increased with their help Thanks

I received this card knowing like most store credit cards the interest is high.When I applied for a credit increase I was told the computer was being reprogrammed and this I got no increase yet. I thought the Kohl's cash rewards program would be useful however they want you to wait a week from when you get your so called kohl's cash before you can spend that. Kohls cash also has a lot of exclusions

Capital One Gave me a chance.When other card companies, said No! It's a great card! Now, I may get a credit increase soon! Thanks Capital One!</p>

Updated and accurate information shown on the app about account information and easy to read and understand. Would recommend the app the anyone

It’s better than others but it’s very slow to update the credit scores and spending the cars bank has to change those things but is ok

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hello, I needed help! My husband was diagnosed with acute kidney failure 2years ago which later took his life last year September, my medical bills was on high along side with five other negative marks. I tried to work on my negative items and hard inquiries with different credit company but nothing happened. I read about 760Plus Credit Score on this platform and I took the chance say risk again after what I have passed through in the hands of scammers posed Hackers, I was scared trusting huge amount of money and my information to a total stranger but I decided to give him a try. I’m surprised by the result I got afterward. Their TEAM RAISED  my poor credit score from 643 to 818 fico score in 7days. Contact them via 760pluscreditscore at gmail dot com 916  888  4118.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Hi Guys! I’m Gregory Thompson I have a synchronic/amazon account that was closed 6months ago with a high balance of $9,075, chase and capital one credit card that were maxed out. I couldn’t pay off my bills, my pastor told me about ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST and their wonder; I immediately contacted them and explained to the customer care representative about my predicament, he promised me of their expertise knowledge in handling all Credit Score issues. He demanded for some of my information which I gave him, after 6days, he got my credit fixed and my score increased to an excellent point (810) without an outrageous charge. You can contact ROOTKITS CREDIT SPECIALIST for any kind of credit repair, Chex system and DUI fix.  rootkitscreditspecialist @ gmail . com or Text:   (760)  474  3440.

Contact METRONET CREDIT SOLUTION for fast and genuine credit fix. They helped me raise my score from 561,565,568 to 795 and removed all negative items, evictions and foreclosures. Now, I’m able to get my dream car and they made sure I got the best deal for my home and now I and my family get to enjoy it with a low payment! We are grateful to them for their help. You can reach them on metronetcreditsolution@gmail.com or call/text (205)518-3032.

Contact METRONET CREDIT SOLUTION for fast and genuine credit fix. They helped me raise my score from 561,565,568 to 795 and removed all negative items, evictions and foreclosures. Now, I’m able to get my dream car and they made sure I got the best deal for my home and now I and my family get to enjoy it with a low payment! We are grateful to them for their help. You can reach them on metronetcreditsolution@gmail.com or call/text (205)518-3032.

Capital One's customer service is the WORST ever ! When my credit card was stolen, customer service treated me like a criminal, and failing to verify my identity, threatening me with sending a new credit car in one week. If somebody steals your credit card info, you'll be punished by the company, I had to pay $16 to have my new credit card sent in 3 days. CAPITAL ONE profits from fraud.  Horrible people

The lousiest customer service EVER! The outsourced service teams are just terrible! Long wait times and issue unresolved. Made a credit card cash payment at one of its bank branches and 48 hours later payment still unrecorded and not located.

They charged me $9.00+ for a 1 day late payment.  I hadn’t had an interest charge in years.  Always paid in full.  Long time user.  Also refused to lower interest rate from 23.99 percent. Again long term customer.  So I put it on hold to not lose travel points.

Fast, safe approval I can take with me everywhere with the assurance that it will not be rejected, it is among the best credit cards.

They gave me a chance when nobody else would. These smaller credit card companies with very high interest rates say no cap one. #1

I love this card and even though the interest-rate is a little high as long as you pay your bill in full every month do you have nothing to worry about. There are no extra fees if you do that also and they are very easy to work with and they have a live person on the line

So far so good. I don’t have the best credit but capital one has given me the lowest interest rate I have ever received so I can’t complain to much.

I’ve always loved capital one. I have a couple of cards with them and plan to open more accounts. I really like the cash back cards.

It is fine as far as credit cards go. I mean, they all overcharge ... but I try to keep it down and pay on time so the huts are not overwhelimng

Saks has excellent customer service , beautiful presentations , great selection of items & sales .  My favorite store to shop !!!!!

BE WARNED!  Capital One is strictly junk cards.  Unfortunately one of my offices wanted one of their business cards, despite my warnings.  Capital One will pull your personal credit several times, then will report balances to your personal credit.  None of my other business cards report to my personal credit.  Customer 'Service' has no explanation as to why, and no help available.  Go through a real company like Chase, or better yet AMEX.

Save yourself a strike on your credit report.  Just wanted a convenient walmart card for deliveries.  740 credit score not good enough for them. Capital One will NEVER be in my wallet.  Walmart is losing me as a customer as well.

Outstanding card! I started out with a Capital One platinum. After making payments on time. I was offered a Cap One Quicksilver with cash back rewards. I accepted of course. Capital One is above and beyond most cards out there.

I opened an account and deposited money in the initial setup. There is nothing on my end that shows the account exists. I learned that if you have a credit card account, you need completely different login/account for the 360 checking. This still doesn't solve nothing showing the account exists. The email confirming I created an account wants me to setup an online account. I try that, and it tells me all my accounts are setup. YET, no checking account anywhere to be found. I call customer service and they say they can see the checking account but don't know why I can't see it anywhere and why it tells me it's all setup. It's been days of this. I have yet to actually see the account.

Good daily user straightforward rewards you spend you get rewarded. It's been around and proven it's worth using it periodically based upon my needs.</p>

This car loan belongs to my daughter, unfortunately she couldn’t get the financing she wanted without me on the loan with her. This could be a high risk for me due being over the income ratio and not allowing me to purchase credit in the near future.

Outstanding card. I started out with a Capital One platinum. After making payments on time. I was offered a Cap One Quicksilver with cash back rewards. I accepted of course. Capital One is above and beyond most cards out there.</p>

Wonderful card. They let me try it when I was at my worst. I started with the secured card. Graduated to unsecured…then got credit increases. I love it for the cash back. Also, great customer service!!

The Kohl’s Capital One credit card is a great card with great benefits and some great rewards and the interest rate is decent if you have decent credit.</p>

Horrible customer service. Been with this company for more than 9 years and not a single time they consider you a loyal customer. Not recommending to anyone. Interest rate is super high. Even though you pay on time for all these years, no value. Closing both of my accounts. Totally disappointing!

Great company, helps build my credit , amazing service reps, I so far have no complaints I'm happy I went with capital one for my first credit card builder

I like the card, it has helped me build my credit back. I would advise anyone to try this card to rebuild your credit. </p>

THE INTEREST RATE ON THIS CARD IS INSANE, 29.9%! HENCE WHY I CAN'T GET THIS PAID OFF - INCLUDING THIS COVID NIGHTMARE AND BEING LAID OFF.</p>

It took nearly one year and calling for over two months to finally reach someone who wasn't a complete idiot so that they would send my title to my new state. After a year my new state has put a hold on my registration because CapitalOne hasn't provided the title from the previous state. I now have a car I cannot drive legally and no one at CapitalOne cares. They're too big to care. They're awful and I will NEVER use them again. Maybe if you don't move states or EVER have to call them they're ok. Try to get some Customer Service and you're out of luck. Their mantra is to tell you anything to get you off the phone.

Great! it is a very good card. I love this card the most. It saves me a lot of money and all the offers, rewards etc. are also awesome.

It’s ok I just didn’t shop there much so I just use the kohl’s cash but yes it a good card to have there is no annual fee good card to have

Be aware that you will be required to send an image of your signed social security card if your card is flagged for fraud. I realize that sounds absurd, but that is what has happened to us while traveling in Mexico after using our card for three days here. This requirement was verified by a second-level supervisor. We luckily have other cards, but I’m not even sure where my social security card is, much less make it a standard thing to take out of the country.

cell phone insurance is a big disappointment. Paid my cell phone bill for years and when I needed coverage it was denied on a technicality after a month of card insurance coverage saying documentation was not valid after sending in many bills and statements. Just another marketing ploy that is really worth what you pay for it. nothing...</p>

Solid card for everyday spending. The fees are low and the rewards are easy to understand, but there are better cards for rewards. Great first card for anyone getting into credit card rewards.

It serves me well and I have not had any issues with capital one and their reporting of my card use. Thanks for helping me maintain my credit

Capital One is the HARVEY WEINSTEIN of credit cards. While waiting on funding to purchase a new home, they reduced my credit limit causing my FICO score to drop by 13 points. This is blackmail to increase your spending habits. The only thing left out was signing a non-disclosure agreement for my silence. I took a screenshot if they would like to refute my accusations!</p>

Great rates. I had an issue with fraud and Capital one was very good and quick with resolving the issue. I was not liable for any fraudulent charges</p>

Awesome card no hidden fees just a good experience with them helping build my credit up the customer service has been great think of switching to their checking as well</p>

Para mí es la mejor compañía de tarjetas de créditos,aunque algunos no lo piensen así, yo confío en capital one,ellos me están dando una nueva oportunidad crediticia

Always reflects what has been bought and shows what I need to pay. They have treated me very well and have notified me of fraudulent purchases to my card I have had to get it replaced and it was fast and convenient sticking with them</p>

Their phone access is very easy to use to get balance info and to make payments. I Have Enjoyed using my capital one card. Thank you</p>

I am paying the statement balance each month yet it is next to impossible to change last month's balance into this month's amount. I like the cash back on all purchases this is a general-purpose credit card. My credit score needed work so I initially opted for a partially secured card from Capital One. I graduated up in available credit from $200 to $1300 which is low but this is helpful since my credit was bad when I started out.. My credit score has improved to the good category which helps on my auto insurance quotes. It helps me to have good credit for car rentals and hotels which makes the Quicksilver a good fit. I'm giving this card a low score because of a poor website experience plus the plastic itself. Customer service is outsourced to the cheapest --and poorest ESL who read from a script. The card looks phony and cheap which could lead to it being culled at the cash register plus the new card sticker leaves a sticky gob on the face of the card</p>

I like this card. The Venture One card is great for everyday use. The miles add up quickly and we were able to go on a great vacation with them.</p>

Because you are still reporting me as an authorized user on this account and I am NOT!!!!! Please stop reporting that I am keeping my credit score in a negative light.</p>

I appreciate this card.. It's a Great card for everyone. Great for whoever may have an emergency or just wants a mini-vacation.. Thanks Capital One</p>

Great card, good rewards for limited credit scores. They have awesome customer service and have always handled any issues I had quickly and effectively. I am very impressed with them. I hold multiple accounts with Capital One, including credit, debit, and savings accounts. I will continue to be a customer in the long-term.

I love my capital one its my go to card.  No annual fee and cash back is great. Line of credit increases happened without me requesting.

Great card came quickly and is used anywhere. I am working on my credit and this card helped me raise my credit and I am learning all the little quirks about keeping my spending  lower to help future credit.

This company constantly flags and holds legitimate payments for weeks on end. You will make timely payments and then they won't apply them to your balance for WEEKS. They will require you to make a 3-way call to your bank and divulge personal information to a third party to 'verify the payment posted'.  Excuse me , its 2021- I have an app that shows me the payment posted weeks ago... They will keep your money and hold it at will. You've been warned.

I'm happy with this card, I have no desire to write a review, but this part is apparently mandatory. Not the best system in my opinion.

Great card with 3% cash back on Entertainment, Dining and Groceries wiith 1% cash back on everything else. Pick your own due date makes it easy to be on time every time.

Excellent card to have..no issues with this card, I use it for gas and groceries mostly..my monthly rewards are normally  20 to 30 dollars

nice card ... wish I could have gotten this card even when I was younger because it would’ve really boosted my soy credit</p>

This is a secured credit card i opened to start building my credit score when my score was 0, within 2 months my score hit 662, i then got an unsecured card,score is now 666 and climbing.

My payment always seemed to get “misplaced “ with a different reason given to me every time from their staff. Very hard to get someone on the phone who knows what to do to assist you without being transferred millions of times.

This company knows I have been laid off and it’s constantly calling me and calling me and calling me laid off due to COVID-19 In time I will resolve this issue because I know how important my credit score is

the card is great when i do need it and it has 0 percent interest for one year if i wanna use it for something big , like a pinball machine..

when i need the card it is there ,and it gives a discount for using it, my balance is zero on the card right now , even though it shows a bal..

Used the card for the travel points.  Booked a simple domestic flight for my family.  Attempted to make a same day change to the morning from afternoon.  The sites says plenty of flights available.  Can't do the change online.  Now on hold for almost two hours.  NOT WORTH THE HASSLE!

Great experience!! Excellent staff and comfortable conversation they really make u feel welcome to be apart of their family!! I would recommend anyone.

I have been with Capital One for a very long time and they have always been great to me. The only issue I have had is them not being responsive to helpful things like goodwill adjustment letters to remove negative remarks on credit reports. I feel since I have been a loyal customer and have financed several cars with them they should be willing to assist with cleaning up credit. Everyone falls on hard times and sometimes to no fault of their own.

My favorite place for life’s needs sounds like a new slogan card holders should always receive 30% off coupons it’s really the only time I’m likely to go shopping

Sadly I no longer have this vehicle. Due to an issue that had nothing to do with me I was sold this vehicle that did not have the title so the car dealership placed me in another truck.

Building my credit. Had a 537 score when I got approved. It went down to 521 but it's on its way back up now. I had to spend more than 30% of my limit the first few months but now I can keep it below. So it should go up quicker.

Years of on time payments however still no credit increases!I believe I have proven to be a great customer that had excellent credit in past more than 20 cards many with high limits. I had 2 months credit in mid 700s and just shut all my cards off put my credit below 500!!!!but capital one kept me & I have 3 cards with them & think it would only be right to increase my limits...</p>

I absolutely love Walmart rewards Mastercard! I originally got it to help build my credit score, and it has helped, along with my other card and credit builder accounts! Thanks so much Y'all!!!

We thought this was a handy deal.  The rate is on the high side, but most store cards are.  This was an opportunity to get more cash back from our purchases at Menards as it is a 2% rebate card which is issued quarterly.  At least it's supposed to be.  We've had the card for over a year.  We didn't use it for a while as our local Menards store was in the process of being built and then the pandemic hit.  We started doing things around the house this past spring and got the rewards up to a little over $23.  It was showing in the account in June, but supposedly was redeemed on 7/1.  We called the customer service number and got conflicting stories.  I don't think that Capital One even knew the difference of the 11% rebates received off of purchases made in the store, but had to be sent in to Menards which didn't require the card being used and is processed through Menards.  And actually getting a rebate from Capital One for 2% of any purchases when their card was used.  That is something that is automatic and doesn't need sent in and is through Capital One.  It's issued every quarter as long as it's over $5.  There is debate as whether it's applied to your Capital One account or towards Menards Merchandise.  The CSR first stated we were in Menards on 7/1.  We were not.  Supposedly redeemed there.  Then all of a sudden it's been applied to our credit account.  I was looking right at it during the conversation, and I can tell you it was not.  So I've paid all I've owed on this account and waiting for the statement cutoff to see if we do indeed get either.  I doubt the rebate via merchandise.  It's been 10 days.  Nothing in the mail.  If not on the account, I stand by my review and will close the account.  That's called fraud.  Lying.  Misrepresentation.  And complete stupidity.  Honestly, you offer a card you know nothing about.  SMDH

I enjoy this card! Great rewards and building credit if you’re considering this credit card I would recommend it. All of my close associates have it!

Always pay on time and even amount or more and on time and has a good capital one app so I can get alerts and pay on time and continue to use services</p>

Truly grateful to be rebuilding my credit with Capital One! I’m 3 months In and my credit has already gone up. My husband's credit is now building too because of this card .</p>

Restrictions and I sent them my id and they still haven't fixed it and they said would ruin my card if I cancel account but they gonna close eventually because it hasn't gotten fixed idk</p>

I love the rewards! This cards is the most reinforcing of the cards that I have. I would definitely recommend this card to friends and family.

Great card to rebuild credit! I ran into a bind during covid and couldn't pay my card to current. Afterwards, I'm proud to say I've paid it to a 6% credit utlilization

A great starter card. Helps keep you inside your budget and if managed correctly you can keep your utilization under 10%. I would definitely recommend to friends</p>

Thanks Capital one, I have paid my card in full. I will only use this card in an emergency situation. It's been quite useful in the time that I have used, Thank You.</p>

If you’re looking to build your credit DO NOT use Cap 1 - they bait you and then you’re stuck with fees & high rates forever. Many companies can/will review your account and offer new/different terms. Not this company. They are not customer-friendly and not worth the trouble. And yes, I’ve never missed or been late with a payment and never pay just the minimum. I am serious about my credit rebuild but never should’ve used Cap One.</p>

Love how this card has boosted my credit score. I use it for all of my purchases and pay it off weekly. It’s much more secure than my visa debit card.

I love Capital One, they have always been good to me from the very beginning. They report my payments I make on time and have helped me establish myself.

Love the card. Cash back on every purchase, payments post immediately user friendly phone app.  I definately recommend the card.. Keep up the great work.

no yearly fees ,easy to use in app and website.,excellent on line shopping experience. would love a larger credit limit . its probably when don't use it as much

Love my loan company they are very easy to talk to and answer all my questions.  Would recommend to anyone.and I love the app that they have also

I like that there is no annual fee for my credit card. They offer cash back but I have never used it. But I have received 200 for referring friends. Love my card

Awesome thanks I am loving this affliction so far.  I hope everyone jumps on board and uses this to their advantage I love it good job

Worst of the worst.  Don't be taken in by their cutsey ads. If you've made an innocent mistake, they will treat you like a criminal. I mistakenly made payments on the wrong Cap One card, (I had two).  Once I realized my mistake, I requested a credit on the late fees.  Their response, in so many words was, "Pay up sucker". I promptly closed my account.  Upon further research, I discovered that they are #1  in suing their credit card holders. I'm sure they view that as a supreme accomplishment.

Drastic changes to my credit score in only 2 months of having the account. I'm very pleased.  They've given me a realistic line of credit. And they make sure making payments at any point in time is easy.

great starter card, granted I have been waiting since the beginning of covid for a card replacement with updated name... would be a lot better with cash back or fuel rewards

These guys are a fair card to have if your credit is not the best and you want to rebuild it. The interest rate isn’t the best but not the highest. Credit limits are low which keeps you out of trouble and the customer service is pretty good.

So far they have been very pleasant to work with. Even through all this covid stuff they were always there to help. Of and when i decide on another card it will be with them.

I like going to Kohl’s they have good stuff to buy I try not to go there too often because I love to spend money and I will use my card like crazy thank you</p>

Like I said I have two credit cards with Capital One they have always given me increases and they are a good credit card company to have credit cards with thank you

DO NOT EVER deal with Capital One- They put a lien on my house and are denying it even after they determined it was fraudulent! I have wasted hours upon hours on the phone and can’t find anyone who cares or even knows what they’re doing!

Capital one has been a good card for me. Took some work to get it but it has helped me out a great deal with getting and maintaining my credit score

They trusted me when others wouldn’t. I went through a nasty divorce about 4 years ago was left with some debt I’m slowly trying to pay off. Thanks Capital one!!

My initial limit was only $500 but it increased to $750 automatically after 6 on time payments.  It's great for building credit and use for monthly expenses

So far so good. Only had this card for 3 months now and so far have had no issues whatsoever, great for building up your credit..to be continued...</p>

Kohl’s  has the best clothes in the best prices I really enjoy their credit card as I never have a balance because I pay it off every month.

Solid card with great customer service. Credit wise is a great way to keep track of your credit. Only downside is $39.00 annual fee.

They have the best service and financing available and they’re always there to help you in any thing you need about your account  With no questions

Capital one's great card to have it will help you build your credit it is a unsecured card I recommend this credit card for anyone that's trying to build their credit

Good rewards. Kohl's cash bonus cool-looking card. Friendly store good selection.</p>

They have been fair with credit limits and my payments clear quickly. The app is easy to use and the rewards are fair to good depending on categories. Overall I'm very happy with Capital One Quicksilver and Walmart Card.

Awesome way to boost your credit fast and learn more on how to use spendable debt, this has been a fun experience but 1 thing that could be improved is the customer service, half the time they are too hard to understand or don't have a good answer and transfer you to other departments.</p>

I have excellent credit and have had the card for 8 years, yet they refuse to increase my credit line which is a mere $500. I don’t get it.

Too high of interest. I think they gouge you with interest charges and/or rates.  I haven’t really got anything else to say about them except for their interest rates are sky high

I’m giving it a three due to their system with a third party. You can pay your payment on time but you will have to wait for the system to update before it is considered on time or late. Plus to say they take the money every month on time it’s always late because of the system they use. I will not use them again for anything.

Great card always pay on time they increased my credit limit because of my credit history paying on time ,this card also built my credit</p>

Worst credit card company ever. Very un-friendly policies. Service agents repeat the same gibberish. Supervisors are worse. Avoid!

Trusted credit resource for our family, past and future generations to come.</p>

Good service, I like that it has an app...</p>

Good card just think I need a higher limit.I do understand that my credit isn’t as good as everyone eleses but for a 19 year old student I believe that I am doing great.

Capital one credit card it’s a good card with a nice starting balance for someone who is trying to rebuild or start a new credit profile

The Capital One VentureOne rewards credit card is a good starter travel credit card. With no annual fee, it earns 1.25 miles per dollar. Redemption is easy by either covering the cost of travel expenses you’ve already put on the card or by transferring your points out to any of their limited number of travel partners.

Capital one always have my back. Great customer service too. I would definitely recommend this card to anyone even with bad credit, as I had when I started.

I am in love with all of Capital One services.  Have a Checking account and savings account as well as my Car loan with them.  Great Service wonderful company to do business with

They won’t give me a better interest rate even though I have NEVER missed a payment, never been late and always pay more than the minimum. I’ll never use them again.

It really helped me and my wife get started rebuilding our credit now we have a couple of cards and our credit is over 600 for both of us highly recommend this  card but you have to be responsible  with it

Thanks for sharing this message with me and my friend and my family thanks so much for sharing your time with us all the time and I appreciate your help thanks for reaching out to me and my dear friend you have a great evening and I hope you have a great weekend enjoy yourself dear friend pray all is well with you guys good luck with your life

Capital One Bank is an Awesome bank. I have had nothing but a great experience with them. I am pleased with the various products/ services that I have with them.

I have been having trouble with Capital One credit card because I cannot update my phone number. They are unable to verify my identity but they told me I am still able to use the credit card which seems suspicious

Love this card, use it all the time it does take long when you pay a payment your credit limit is available soon. I will recommend this card to anyone

It’s ok. Get discounts on stuff I already plan on buying. I would suggest to someone who already shops at kohls. It does motivate me to shop there more often.

So far my Capital One card has been very useful. It has a very nice website that is very easy to use.. their service department has been very easy to use and the people have been nice to talk to and very helpful.</p>

Got it to help my credit and so far it has. Plus only has 2 pay half as the secured amount so $99 for a total of $200 I can charge if need to.

Great card,another one that I was able to get to help improve my credit,may buy gas or a lunch here or there,then pay it off to continue maintaining decent credit

Good  starter  card.   Enjoying very much...  I improved  my  credit  score  fast  and my credit is so much. Better. Thank you!!!!

lost 48 points on my TU 778 score filling for this card 4 weeks ago.</p>

They are horrible customer service is awful. I will pay this off and never finance another vehicle but if I do it won't be with them. They are horrible</p>

Great credit card to build credit. It is a Capital One Platinum. Credit limit increases on time without asking. Glad I chose them and got accepted.

Avoid Capital One at all costs!!! I've had a card with them for over 20 years. It's mostly been used as an emergency backup, or for occasional large purchases. Multiple times now, they have not authorized purchases, once leaving me stranded while on vacation, far from home. Repeatedly I've had to spend hours on the phone with them in order to make a single simple purchase. The decades of business I had given them meant nothing them. They would tell me numerous times that the problem was fixed, and that it was ok to use the card, only to have it be declined again and again. They are liars and they are incompetent. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH CAPITAL ONE!!!!

After reestablishing (rebuilding) my credit Capital One  Platinum was the first cc company to extend a non-secured cc. Again, pay your balance in full when you can and if you cannot make your payments on time. Capital One is deserving of the 5 stars.

Teaching me how to build my credit up have enjoyed everything about this card and I cant wait until my credit is even better thank you

I have always been with capital one and they have been awesome to me and will stay with them customer service is very helpful and advise appropriate

This card is ok paid it down a while ago and will continue to use it when the need arises other that that not much more to say about this card

Doesn’t want to work everywhere i have issues getting gas the app to track and pay the card doesn’t work for me either it takes me to credit wise instead

Love the company - wish they would increase my limit- perfect payments, great income, homeowner but cannot get and increase. It’s embarrassing- if the limit was higher I would use it more

Love the kohl’s rewards!  It was super easy to apply and easy to make payments as well. The store has great benefits. Would definitely recommend.

Capital one is a great card to have. I have used it for emergencies such as mechanical break downs, hurricane evacuation, vet bills. It is accepted anywhere you go. I have paid off my balance and I’m hoping to get a better interest rate

It's been a great card.</p>

Highest credit limit of all my cards.  I used it to collect miles.  Recently paid for hotel with miles for a week.  No complaints.

Love the app. Interest rates are always sky high. But it was a first time loan for my daughter. Had a capital one loan years ago that worked out ok.

Both the Capital One Venture One Rewards Card, and Venture Rewards Cards are by far Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards on Earth.....

Good for clothes. I used it to buy my suit for my interview but sometimes their clothes fit weird. I also used this card for Christmas last year and am still paying it off because the interest

Awesome I love the way you can get cash advances and see every single transaction I wish sometimes you could delete some so my wife won't see what I buy</p>

Easy, in store or on line shopping, good prices on name brand clothing and household items. Easy payment on line. Easy pick up services and Amazon returns

I enjoy easy pay! Thank You It helps me immensly. During the times of covid cash-paying has become difficult and using this card makes life easier for me!!!</p>

This card has been amazing. I never used credit. If I didn't have the money to buy it, I just didn't buy it. My credit sadly suffered the most. It's greatly helped my score go from 4 to 680 in less than 6 months. No hassles. No deposits. Thanks Capital One, I'm finally getting that new car.</p>

i got this secured card to improve my credit score. i think it went down - i have not even used it. I have no idea why it went down.

Good for credit building. Comes with zero annual fee, no foreign transaction fee, APR is little high. All together it’s a good choice for building credit or to repair as well.

1st Unsecured card ever! Has helped me gain over 100 points in a year. Among other things. Credit is pretty simple once you learn the common sense things.

This account has been convenient as an assistant to credit building! This account is also another good credit monitoring tool as they give me score and other account updates...

Always helpful. Agents are friendly. If I have a problem with a product or service, the agents are always there to help. I am buiding my credit with this card. Thanks Capital One. And those who represent you.

Great card with a great offer for the first 6 months of use if you spend 500, they'll give you 200 back. They also offer zero interest the first year if you carry a balance. The app helps ensure you're completely aware of your balance and can turn off the card if it's lost or stolen. I'm really happy with everything so far.</p>

They are great.  If there is an error on their end they fix right away. Today I called and they are updating the account.  I currently have a zero balance but they reported I had a balance and a late payment.  They apologized and corrected.

Not sure about this card yet. First credit card I've had. A bit scared of it. Will be used for food and supplies for my pets. That's it

Rigid and poor customer service policies. No card upgrades, no limit increases, and even with good credit you will get shafted on interest. I was a customer for 3 years. Never ever late. They would not raise my limit. They would not upgrade me to a better card. I had to apply like a new customer. I was denied. When i finally got a mail offer for a better card, they approved it at the lowest possible limit for the highest possible apr (my credit score is almost 800 btw with 100% on time payments and no accounts in collections). If i hadnt already suffered the hard pull to get the card it would not have even been worth my time to accept it. Your business means NOTHING to them. Stay away. Go with AMEX or Citibank.

Capital One does not care about your business! Despite making several payments monthly, early payments - it doesn't matter.  If you have a bad month and are one day late - THEY WILL NOT TAKE OFF THE LATE FEE.   CAPITAL ONE DOES CHARGE YEARLY FEES TO HAVE THEIR CARD.   THIS COMPANY IS ALL ABOUT MAKING MONEY AND CHARGING LARGE INTEREST FEES!   DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET ANOTHER CARD!!!

Decent card to have as a backup. The initial balance  can be a problem for people trying to manage the 30% rule to keep from hurting their credit scores.

Great card to have. I applied to work on my credit and there are no tricks. Straightforward. I enjoy having this card knowing it will continue to work as described.</p>

Would not recommend to anyone high interest rate and they will not increase credit line even thought I have been with them for years</p>

Excellent card for me . I was rewarded an interest drop ,  Year number 6 in membership privilege. I highly recommend this as a primary credit card!

It's my first credit card and I'd consider it to be a great start-up card for people with no or limited credit history. They make paying your balance easy and quick.</p>

I love capital one. They are the best.Any other company hit you with all kind of annual fees monthly fees purchase fees with them you don’t have to worry about none of that whether it’s a secured card or  unsecured card

I just started this loan but am finding it convenient to pay online and like the ease so it isn't very time consuming.  I am confident that I can make payments on time helping improve my credit score.  Mahalo Capital One.

I am glad that I have capital one credit card. Thank you so much for the approval credit for me. I would definitely would recommend to everyone who needs credit this is good starting point

Great card! Started with a secured card, but after a year of on time payments, they gave me back my deposit and qualified me for the Quicksiler with an unsecured, no annual fees, and a $3,000 credit limit! I HIGHLY recommend.

I applied for the Kohl's card over 2 years ago when I had little to no credit, I was just starting to build my credit. Kohl's was the only credit card willing to give me a chance & I'll always be grateful for that... my credit score has since gone up significantly & my credit limit has increased, as well. My experience with kohl's & capital one has always been positive, customer service is always nice & helpful & the Kohl's cash rewards is one of the best rewards programs. I was able to get some amazing things for my daughter for her birthday/Christmas using kohl's cash which I'm also grateful for so, YES! I would definitely recommend this card to anyone.

Capital One always meets my needs.  I recommend their various cards to anyone who likes to earn rewards.  They have various cards with various promotions that are always great!

I shop regularly online at Amazon, Target and Costco and am specially attracted by the 5% reward I receive for online purchases for using their credit cards. I also shop at Walmart but not as much because I did not have a reward card with  them. So I applied for the Walmart Capital One card to take advantage of the 5% rebate. My FICO score is north of 825, never had a late payment in the last 25 years and my credit utilization rate is under 5%. My credit limit with American Express is $25K, $15K with Visa, $10K with Mastercard  and I  have other credit cards with a total credit limit of over $50K. Capital One approves my application with a credit limit of $300(!!!!). Since a couple visits to the Walmart grocery store and a few sundry purchases would catapult me over the $300 limit I requested an increase in my credit limit, on line,  hoping for at least an increase to $500. My request was summarily rejected because I was a new customer. Needless to say, everything else being equal, Walmart will be at a 5% handicap when I shop around. I hope they recognize the situation Capital One is putting them in.

Have used them for a long time. Easy to make payments. No hassle. I recommend them to anyone who wants a great credit card. If you have fair to good credit, the odds of being approved are good.</p>

Worst credit card experience ever! Customer service is not helpful. I sent a payment of $9,436.01 20 days BEFORE DUE date and they put my card on hold for 1 week, I called their customer service and I was advise to send a bill pay to accelerate payment process, so I did! (I wanted to use my card for a big purchase and take advantage of the sky miles) I sent and additional $10,000 and even though the money cleared my bank they didn’t release my account!! They actually told me that the additional $10,000 will be on hold for another week. Why I’m getting punished for paying my card? Because they don’t like customers like me who pay on time and in full, they want you in debt and broke.  Customer service was rude and conceited. I have the right to be upset when you are sitting on almost $20,000 taken from my bank account and freezing my credit card. I regret opening and account with Capital One so much!

This is the kind of company that drives you to suicide. Especially during times like today. They kept trying to draft an account that wasn’t authorized for them to draft from and they closed my account right after I added my wife and just ruined us both. Something like this shouldn’t be devastating especially now. The sad part is they owe me money. Keep your cards they are suicide cards

Wallet has really helped me remain aware when I rarely fall short or forget to pay a bill. Watching my credit grow over 7 years has been amazing.

Capital one has been very fair with my credit needs. I would definitely recommend Capital One.</p>

Very easy to work with.  Easy to set up and make changes to online payments.  Never had a reason to talk with them because we have done everything online.

Awesome card.  They proactively monitor and report.  Automatically increase limits and just upgraded my card to a Quiksilver cash rewards card without changing account numbers!

I just wish Capital One were more interested in helping people in improving their credit lines and ability to grain more responsibility for customers can gain more opportunities.</p>

It’s helping me tremendously love the flexibility and convenience of using the card alongside credit wise would recommend this card to anyone who is looking to improve their situation

Always great service, easy to understand. The only negative is a yearly fee. I can see the first year until your credit is established but after several years....</p>

I like the card so far, it has been easy to track and use. The company is easy to get ahold of too! I plan I staying with this card for a long time!

It's a good card to have. I am trying to rebuild my credit after a divorce. Capital one is the only card that was willing to give me a chance to prove myself

They gave me a second chance and so far I haven't let them down. Within a year they have raised my credit limit without me having to ask them to.

Totally painless with auto navigator and not a bad rate considering my credit history at the time . Capital one has been a great way for me to build my credit and to also get money when I need it

Capital one is pretty awesome and they help stabilize my credit score my credit limit and worthlness increased with their help Thanks

I received this card knowing like most store credit cards the interest is high.When I applied for a credit increase I was told the computer was being reprogrammed and this I got no increase yet. I thought the Kohl's cash rewards program would be useful however they want you to wait a week from when you get your so called kohl's cash before you can spend that. Kohls cash also has a lot of exclusions

Capital One Gave me a chance.When other card companies, said No! It's a great card! Now, I may get a credit increase soon! Thanks Capital One!</p>

Updated and accurate information shown on the app about account information and easy to read and understand. Would recommend the app the anyone

It’s better than others but it’s very slow to update the credit scores and spending the cars bank has to change those things but is ok

I had the card a while when I was a young man first starting out with a family because it was convenient the rates were alone and didn't even know it wasn't a credit card work just like cash but it wasn't cash I hope you enjoy using it you learn something from it

I really enjoyed my card although I wish I could have a credit limit increase other than that I love my card I also wish that the interest rate was a little lower but I deal with it it's a wonderful card to have I sure would invite someone else to apply for it</p>

Great card to have to start off building your credit. Ready to see if I can get an increase soon and keep paying on time. Thanks Capital one and I will make sure I share with friends!

Awesome Great no fees great bank</p>

capital one has been a great first credit card. my limit is not high so I can always keep paid off. Never have problems with getting accepted.

Kohl's is great the heart of a lot of the new flashes stuff that I like I like to shop in the junior Department everything in there is to die for Christmas shopping for the kids it's not the greatest place to go enjoy and they also give you rebates and Kohl's cash.

Awesome card just wish they would up my credit limit so I can use it instead of cash when I'm out-of-state working on the road I could use it for as well as fuel</p>

Great card just takes too long for credit increase when you never carry a balance. I've been a cardholder for over 18 months no increase yet</p>

I have absolutely no complaints  about my Capital One account. Customer service is efficient and have always been friendly and helpful.

I gave this company two (2) stars because the credit card worked while I had it and the employees were nice and understanding with me on the phone. Hello, I work in Tennessee as a college missionary. I only banked with Capital One for about a (3) months before my card was terminated by the company. I bank with Charles Schwab and tried to set up an automatic payment for my monthly bill (since I was only spending so much on my account) and had troubles on multiple occasions trying to make a payment. I tried setting this up with the help of my bank as well as with Capital One and both parties discerned that the issue was with Capital One and not Charles Schwab. Because of these rejected payments, Capital One's technology assumed that there was some sort of fraudulent activity happening and closed my account without any warning whatsoever (email, push notifications, USPS, etc.). This closed my credit card permanently, hurt my credit score (20 points), and disallowed my access to my already earned Rewards Cash. I quickly filed a dispute during the third month of my time with Capital One. They mailed a letter confirming that they received the dispute and assured me that they would call me to follow up my claim. Capital One called me shortly thereafter (I believe during the window in which they said that they would) only to tell me that they had not fully processed the report and would call me back later. Two months would pass until I called them back only for them to tell me that they would not resolve the issue leaving me with a burdened credit score and unable to access my Rewards Cash. The workers were all very patient and diligent to hear my claim and try to understand what was happening, but Capital One's systems have no framework for how to resolve an issue like this. There is an incredibly low probability that I am the only person who has experienced this problem-- yet Capital One has refused to help me through any means. On top of this, they do not have any way for me to file a formal complaint with the company (I searched online and asked the employee). I think it's also important to note that each time I called Capital One that the customer service line would have me on hold for nothing short of 30 minutes each time. My phone calls each lasted upwards of an hour. It was also rare that I could get through on the first try to the representative that I needed to speak with. This is not good enough for a company of this size and competency. I was thoroughly underwhelmed by my experience with them and informed Capital One that I would not return as a customer unless this issue was resolved. *I want to be crystal clear: the employees have been very nice and patient. They seem to be competent at their jobs. **I clearly asked the representative on the phone to send the audio of our call together to whoever needed to hear this issue with the company's system. I am unsure that will happen since my dispute was never followed up.</p>

Everything is always amazing with capital one no doubt. I have been a loyal customer for so long that I can even  remember,  capital one always got my back.

Great great app really don't know how accurate it is but it lets me know what direction I'm headed and keeps me updated on other things that could hinder me future wise</p>

This was a great experience. I felt somewhat secure knowing that WalletHub was watching my account activities the whole time I was with them.

This card is an excellent card that is forever changing and giving competitive rewards got my bonus immediately and receive emails on deals to get more rewards would definitely recommend!!!</p>

Love Capital One, they've been very good to us! Never had a problem with our loan since we opened it through Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram in 2016, great interest rate!

They at capital one made it so that i had to pay a late bill charge i did not think that was right had to pay out of pocket for that.

No problems with them. And the set up for the app is simple and easy to use but waiting for the credit to pend can be troublesome at times</p>

It’s an ok card. Could be lower interest rate. Working toward paying off and only using as emergency card! Wouldn’t recommend as a everyday card!

This is a very good card for people trying to get credit and build up their score. It’s a very flexible card for people with low credit IMO

This is a great card. Did not expect to be accepted, yet they gave me a chunky credit limit. This card offers points and 5% cash back at Walmart.com. I use it for weekly groceries and pay bills.

I think it’s the best credit card I’ve ever had I have no hassles oh and it’s always paid on time I get extra credit I love capital one it’s easy to use

Is a great first card for anyone to start on I’m 21 and have had the card for 3 months and have already made amazing impacts on my credit with it</p>

Excellent card for me I currently have 3 . Two of them are rewards cards . It was my first credit card and I enjoy everything that CapitalOne has to offer.

Awesome Company that approved me with very little credit history! Great Customer Service that resolves problems quickly, professionally and respectfully!

Capital One, it's a staple, a card is in almost everyone's possession that is responsible and old enough to have one. Think about that while you are looking in your pocket/wallet/purse

A company that relies on fine print loop holes is not for me, and should not be for you. Let me expand. Capital One 360 checking was a very attractive checking account due to their 400 bonus offer. I elected to follow the terms of the offer, depositing the required 1000.00 in a timely manner etc. however due to the fact that I didn’t link it directly to an employers direct pay they chose to not give me the bonus. Further it took them exactly the full 21 days to decline my request for reconsideration. A company that is relying on key definitions and fine print is not a partner, this type of behavior suggests that they have their focus strictly focused on short run profits.

Good value for your money and a great customer service.</p>

This is a great credit card. They have given me a chance and have raised my limit. I now have two capital one cards. Thanks to capital one my credit score is raising!!!</p>

I love everything about Capital 1. They set the banking bar pretty high when it comes to customer service, user friendly app, clean facilities. I do wish we had more locations here in the Houston area. They more than make up for it online.

This card has helped me build my credit very quickly I highly remember this card for people wanting to rebuild their credit I always pay for my due date I hope to get a credit increase very shortly

Is very unprofessional Along with integrity issues.  Even if you have excellent payment history they do not give you credit limit increases for this account

Capital one discriminates against people with criminal history now. Even when it's old. I'm highly disappointed they're even allowed to do this in this day and age so beware.

Good customer service easy to deal with in annual fee. It has low balance but I pay off balance monthly it sucks that if you have a high balance between when they report it looks negative

They are a great place to shop, but have just decided I don’t need to use it unless emergency arises, which I don’t forsee one. Thank you</p>

Great credit card has helped me with my credit ,and I pay in full always . I will definitely recommend this card to friends and family

You are welcome looking forward to doing business yeah. Thanks for letting me know how to fix my credit looking forward to learning more.

So helpful in getting me a good credit card.  I enjoy the no fee policy, the ability to attain more credit by paying off my bills, and being able to help others to start safely on their credit card journey.

Left wing liberal spokespeople are reason enough to never do business with this company, Capital One. I am canceling this card even though I am a fan of Cabela’s and do business with the company on a regular basis. I just use my American Express. Guess what is not in my wallet?

They're terrible outfit. They froze my account when I told them not to. The interest rate is way too high. Never use again at all. Oh no no no</p>

Excellent vehicle with great percentage rate. Second car from Carmax. Was able to review four offers on screen. I loudly enjoy the experience.

This is a great credit card with some amazing benefits and very forward thinking built in security features. The only downside I have found is an annual fee.

Capital one is an excellent card for establishing credit,  through cap1 many more credit options have become available.  I really appreciate doing business with a reputable cc company like this.

The cards website is very well thought out.  The placement of the active radio buttons are easy to navigate.  The quick text reminders that come to the phone are most welcome.

I LOVE having this card. Specifically around holidays and birthdays etc. They really do have just about anything in this store you might look for in gift giving even down to cards and wrapping.

I opened this card solely for "emergency purposes" and so far I luckily have not needed to access it. There are no penalties for not using it or how often you use it. I have a $500 limit and it has been open 8 months now

I love shopping at kohl's when you use the credit card you get another 20%off on most days. I have forgotten my card and with my license I was able to use my cc anyway.

They have a great App. It tells you everything, How much you owe. How many payments you have left. How much are you paying in interest, I love it.</p>

Do not like when you make a payment in full that they put a hold on your available credit for Serval days so you can not use your card for serval days

Capital one is a good credit card and love their app it's really easy to work and about every three to six months you can get a credit increase if you pay your balance on time every month.</p>

I really like this card, they do credit increases as long as you are responsible with your spending and report to the credit bureaus in a timely fashion.

I have had positive experience with my Capital One Auto loan and will pay it off at least one year early. Payments are easily made on the app.</p>

I have two Capital One credit cards and they are the best credit card company I deal with. They don't charge overdraft fees. The purchases I make show up on my cards one as soon as I make them so I always know how much credit I have left on the credit card. On one of my credit cards the amount available increases as soon as I make a payment which I can do within a couple of minutes if I'm standing at checkout if I don't have enough credit left on my card.</p>

They were willing to give my family a chance and provided quick responses and helpful ones. They were quick, efficient, prompt, studious service

I have been a capital one customer for about four years and I really do enjoy the respect I get from the people that work there. And I appreciate the quickness of how you transfer my payments to my credit line. I love having capital one in my wallet there’s nothing else I can say about capital one other than some really good card</p>

This was my first ever credit card. I have had nothing but wonderful experiences with capital one. I have had this account for almost 6 years and I really enjoy the customer satisfaction.

After opening a new account yesterday, I found out that for new customers, for the first 30 days, I will have to wait FOUR BUSINESS DAYS TO HAVE ACCESS TO MY DIRECT DEPOSIT PAYCHECK. No thank you! The CSR was chewing in my ear the entire time we were talking. Broken English. Will keep the credit card and table the bank account.

I enjoy the savings my and cash back rewards this card provides when I’m shopping for everyday needs at Walmart. It’s great to receive points for everyday shopping.

Love Kohl’s cash to shop with . Love that you carry all the name brand products. Love the sales . Also love that I can do Amazon returns at the store.

Great card and to start off with they gave me a 2,000 dollar credit limit. My first real credit card just don't ever get a credit one card they are not affiliated with capital one they

i am hopeful that they will automatically raise my credit limit.  I have paid not only before due date but also more than my balance in my effort to raise my credit score.  I do not aim to abuse my credit after having taken quite the dive going through a divorce in 2018 and left with residual bills, I entered a 3 year program for debt relief which is why my once low 700 score plummeted to 540 and is now just a little under 700.  I am a responsible mother of two teenage kids, have been through quite a bit and I need to be able to breathe again.  I am responsible and worthy of an increase.

Answered all of my questions in a thoughtful and thorough manner. When I had some misunderstandings, they were very, very happy to have been of service.

Good credit building credit card for starting over quick and easy to use To pay online to stay on time with payments good credit rebuilding credit cards

Interest rates are too high on this card. Don’t use it very often. I have had this card for 4 years and had to ask for a credit limit increase. Definitely not one of my favorites.</p>

I had issue with canceled ticket from asaptickets because of COVID and unfortunately, i was disappointed when I opened a dispute. Anytime I called for support, I got different answers and they sent me back to asaptickets to solve my problem. My question here for capitalone, what did your customer service did to solve the problem? Nothing

Great card to help build credit they let you see if you're pre-approved first took me having a credit card for 6months before they would approve me</p>

Even after paying card off in full every month, cant get a bump CLI. Kinda depressing when i have 2 other cards with higher limits and also get paid off monthly.

Capital One Auto Navigator made buying a car super easy. I was able to pick from multiple dealerships before leaving my house. No need to haggle and bargain just go into the dealership with your loan ready.

I appreciate Capital One so much. They are great at security protection. Fair company. I’m not sure they are even reporting everything.

I love the rewards! They are immediate and add up-I can use them for anything! I always pay my card in full every month, faithfully. I wish I could have my credit line increased</p>

Amazing card awesome card no annual fee no monthly fee no interest available in secured and not secured you choose how  I love this card!!!!!!!!!

We all know that Cap One is basically a "virtual bank" in that they are not known for brick and mortar, HOWEVER, there are those times where you simply must speak with a human. That was today (June, 2021) and I had the worst experience. For EACH question that I asked the girl, she gave me WRONG info. Even when I pressed her, she held her ground. Then I directed her back to HER OWN website (capitalone.com) and she finally relented. THEN, the very next question, she got entirely wrong as well, but this error was not found until I went to the nearest ATM to find out that I could not do what I needed to. So I asked for a Supervisor to make me whole for my time and energy and they apologized, advising that they could not do that. DEPLORABLE!!!

I love this store and the Kohls cash, cleanliness of the store and easy to find what I’m looking for. The staff is friendly and always there to help.

It's been a great credit-building credit card for me.I'm not sure how else to describe it other than what I've already said.</p>

This is a great rewards co-branded Mastercard for everyday use to buy groceries, gas, restaurants, including traveling with no foreign transaction fees.

They have always been very understanding if circumstances won’t allow for a timely payment. They are helping me every chance they get!

Great customer service. Great rewards. The only drawback is the fact that it does cost $95 a year which is unfortunate. However the benefits for travel and what not can actually offset the annual fee.

They gave me a hard time with changing my address info even though I gave them all the necessary information. And also I no longer live near a store.

Need higher credit limit available make it easier to use the card more categories for cash back It would be good if it was able to connect with my other credit one credit cards</p>

It’s fine, use it at Walmart get some cash back just make sure to pay the balance every month so you don’t lose your cash back to the high interest rate. It’s capital one so it’s fairly easy to get</p>

Capital One has always been great to me.  So great that it makes it hard to believe even though they provide the smallest and slowest credit limit increases ever compared to any of my other cards.

