I love navy federal they know how to treat there customers right and with there cards you can earn decent rewards  the go rewards you can get two point back for every dollar on gas three points back for every dollar on restaurants and one point per dollar on everything else

Love navy federal they are the best credit union in the world . Everyone should use them ………………………………………………………………you won’t be sorry if you do

Great first credit card, got it shortly after I turned 18. It has helped build my credit immensely. Easy to monitor statements, view transactions, make payments, and check your credit score all through the Navy Federal app.

Best Bank, Credit Union, etc there is. Nothing comes close to the services provided, perks, and membership benefits in any capacity.

This is a great credit union with great perks. They are always helpful and I am able to get assistance quickly. They always share ways that my money can grow

Good so far. Just got the card so time will tell just how well I like it. I use it and pay it off like multiple times a month because of the low limit available to me. I need the card to increase to at least $7500-$1000</p>

I do not have anything positive or negative about Navy Federal Credit Union Cash Rewards VISA card. There is nothing special that makes this card any better than another.

Very good bank to bank with I enjoyed my time with them and I will bank with them in the near future I would recommend this bank to anybody

Best credit union EVER! They will work with you to build a relationship and the customer service is second to none.  I will never regret opening an account with NFCU

This card is so great to have... Low interest… 0 annual fee. Customer service is amazingly supportive and very responsive….</p>

This is my absolute favorite card that I have in my wallet. I wish that the cash rewards were greater but interest rates and I annual fee are a plus.</p>

Amazing and easy process. Went to Open an account and they refinanced my car at a lower rate. Just outstanding!!!! Can’t wait to see what else they offer in the future!!!!

Great card great rewards easy to apply and get qualified I love navy federal products.  I also have a loan with them building credit

Card not bad mor paying balance without a checking account</p>

Place sucks, terrible customer service, as a retired Navy, I hate that these charlatans use "Navy" in their title, hate them very much

Great way to build credit! Will definitely be getting another one! I highly recommend this bank, & this loan to anyone seeking to build credit.

Navy Federal Credit Union is excellent at customer service and providing information in a timely and professional manner there is always a quick response and they are easy to work with.

No problems yet, I just got it- but I see it shows I was high at $5.5?!?!? I JUST NOW USED IT!! so I hope they report fast & accurate!! & They have 5% Interest rate!!</p>

NFCU used to be a good bank with great customer service and now I think they are getting too big and starting to act like all the other big banks not caring about customers, only their bottom line.</p>

Intrest rate is a bit high. Rewards are ok. The app doesn't work well, setting up automatic payments is helpful, but I recommend having them walk you through the process. They are very helpful on the phone. Improving your credit score is just average at about 15 points.

Love nfcu. New member very happy with my experience so far. I did a lot of research on them. I was able to join and couldn’t be happier. Hours after joining I applied for a credit card and was approved for a very generous credit line.

Exceptional! I’m so glad I switched to Navy Fed from USAA for my financial needs. They gave me a second chance and issued me credit when other lenders wouldn’t. I was hospitalized with Covid for 4 months in 2020. Consequently, I was 4 months behind on my bills, including 4 derogatory marks from my auto loan that I still cannot get the lender to remove. Just those 4 remaining delinquencies have kept my score from raising above the high 500’s. I have the money Discover secured card but that can only do so much. BoA denied my secured card application, rude). I was simply going to apply for the secured Navy Fed card, but the way their pre-qualification works, you click pre-qualify and it tells you which of their cards you are pre-approved for. To my SHOCK it said all of them! I said screw it and went for the unsecured AMEX. YOLO, right? Well, holy moly! I was APPROVED for it with a 602 FICO score!!!! I am simply over the moon right now! Thank you so much Navy Fed for giving me this second chance! I will not let you down! I can’t express how much this means to me. Thank you. This credit union is a godsend.</p>

Workers are condescending and rude about loan policies and will talk down to you if you don't know every policy inside and out. I opted for friendlier service and moved my account elsewhere

I enjoy banking with Navy Federal, They make things so easy to do. Whenever there may be an issue with my payments being in a day that is on day that can’t be paid they adjust my payments.

My first one ! I'm so excited thank you !!! U guys are the best the bomb ! *jumps up to dougie* this is so amazing Idk wat to do say or go now</p>

This was a great experience. I felt somewhat secure knowing that WalletHub was watching my account activities the whole time I was with them.

The Flagship card only reaches its full potential when paired with the More Rewards card. Flagship only gives 2X points for "everything else" meaning not travel. But groceries and gas are what most people buy, and that is where More Rewards card shines with 3X points. Flagship is good for Internet purchases at 2X points where More Rewards only gives 1X points. If you already have one of these, NF says you must wait 91 days since applying for the last card before applying for the next NF card. You must carefully count out the days on a calendar. I interpret this is saying you would apply on the 92nd day. Since underwriter intervention is the rule now, check with NF to see if you can submit a pre-consideration letter reporting your net worth. Pre-consideration puts both your income and assets right in the underwriters face so he/she cannot assume anything. Don't be an underwriter victim like me. The Credit Rating Agencies advise waiting 6 months between card requests and hard inquiries. Carefully weigh the point damage to your credit score. It affects your APR and credit limit. Credit score is more important than saving a few pennies. You cannot purchase a better credit score.</p>

One of the best banking institutions for checking savings business accounts car loans with low finance rates customer service is superb to me probably the best institution for banking relationships</p>

This is one of the worst lenders I have ever worked with! I am a realtor, and my buyer is doing a conventional loan. Just horrible, the worst communication ever!! Lenders always keep in touch with the virus agents, as it is very important for us to know what is going on to help keep our buyers in contract. Many things are very time-sensitive and we need to be kept in the loop. The rep my buyer was working with never once called me at all, after leaving him many many voicemails and even emails. He didn't even respond to my emails. and when trying to call to speak to a supervisor, they would listen sympathetically, take notes and tell me someone would get back to me, and then no one would ever get back to me! whenever I ask for anyone in particular, they will always in a meeting, or in training, or on a break. A break? Who takes breaks in this business? Very very frustrating. I will absolutely never recommend them to anyone. a realtor is not an enemy you'd want to make in this type of business. Sorry to say, but it is what it is.

I had the Nrewards card for a little under a year.  My credit is awful because of student loans I obtained from a bad school and poor life choices but im trying to rebuild my credit. My initial security deposit was $300. Then because of my payment history and i guess using my card responsibly they automatically upgraded me to a cashrewards card with a very nice credit limit the best I've had in my life!! They also automatically refunded my security deposit!! I highly recommend this card!

0% for 12 months, high credit limit, complimentary credit score, good app, online chat and good customer service and overall very good CU.

Horrible customer service by inconveniencing customer's time and money by never having ATM working without a legitimate reason this issue has been going on for the last 3 years!!!!

Too bad they are are so unsympathetic! Makes me wonder just who they are in business for! Not for any customer that 4 sure HISS!!!

If I could give these people 0 stars, I would. I actually wish I never opened an account with them.   To begin, let me just start off by saying I had an okay experience with them while I was still active duty, so maybe I am one of the unlucky few that had an extremely negative experience with NFCU. Nothing out of the ordinary happened.  Until the first week of March came when I had a PPP loan deposited into my account. Now, I didn’t know “business loans” couldn’t be deposited into a normal checking account (which I don’t agree with, but whatever) so they froze my account. When they asked me for any documentation, I very quickly said yes because it was legally mine. I had every supporting document with me and when I offered to send it to them, they gave me the run around and basically said no, that they’re going to return the funds back to where it came from. The first representative told me it would happen within 2 weeks. The second one told me it would happen within a month. The third one told me there’s no timeline of when it could happen. Then the fourth one informed me it was already sent back.   By this point, I hadn’t logged into my account and was still waiting for NEARLY 4 MONTHS. The app said I had to call them in order to regain access to my account. When I did, the representative said “we can’t confirm your identity so you need to visit a local branch”. WHAT??? None of my information had ever changed during this time and the closest branch to me is 3 hours away.   Like I said before, I’m probably one of the unlucky few that had a bad experience with these people, but this whole circus show they’ve caused with me has been nothing short of absolutely asinine. My opinion? Choose another bank. I’ve had chase for months now because of this and I can honestly say they’re better than NFCU

My first starter credit cards, when I began, my journey on getting back on track, StartOver in 2021. New Year.  A New New New Beginning.

The loan is as expected. I have nothing bad or good to say about it. It’s a no hassle loan if there ever was one. They have good loan products overall.

They look appealing upfront, but don't let that fool you. I'm in the middle of a new home purchase loan and the process at NFCU is atrocious. My closing date has been changed twice, and they want to push it again. I am in jeopardy of losing the home altogether. There is very little communication from them... I call, email, leave voice messages and get nothing in return until right before a deadline. I was in limbo for three weeks and was eventually told my loan processor quit and my file was misplaced. Really? This bank is a complete shot in the dark. Don't take my word for it....look on the web for reviews. They do not hold any of the principles that military members, their prime customer base, hold dear. Trust the hundreds of customers who have been burnt by NFCU...and go somewhere else.</p>

Navy Federal Credit Union is impossible when processing mortgages(refi or normal). With average closing times of four plus months, dealing with Navy Federal is too costly for those who have good credit and borrowing power. Time is money folks. And at a cost of $2500 in interest it’s not worth it for consumers to put their lives on hold and fork out additional interest because the company can’t hire enough people to do the job. Add to that, that most of their systems (insurance, title, etc.) appear to not be connected, adds more burden to the customer to insure all is in place when buying a loan. In my opinion, not worth the effort when other financial organizations seem to care more for their customers. Take your chances, lose money and patience if you think it’s worth it. My next business and/or home mortgage will not be with Navy Federal.

Love it!!!Ever since I got with Navy Federal my credit score climbs... So if you thinking about joining get a friend or a Family member and join</p>

Opened an account. Received debit and credit cards.  Tried to activate them but my account is locked because they think it is fraudulent.  So I call.  They keep me on hold for 10 minutes.  Talk to somebody, they say hold on, they put me on hold for another 10 minutes...and still holding.  So..this is funny, they want proof of address, yet they just sent me a debit card and a credit card to this address and will not accept that as proof as address.  This bank is as stupid as the military.

Great credit union I would recommend them to all of my family and friends. I have been a member since 1992 it has been one of my best moves.

This is an outstanding card it allows me to purchase things while traveling and gives me an excellent very low APR. It is the lowest I have ever seen. I love it!!!!! Also always good customer service.

Great customer service experience from staff on the phone and at the branch and very fast approval. Within 24hrs, I was sending the check for refinancing my SUV loan.

I’ve been able to pay off my loan ahead of time. I really enjoy navy federal. That ability that they have to make everything so easy even when I’m thousands of miles away do you my military service. I truly appreciate them.

I have financed and refinanced many vehicles over the years and I have never come across such poor business practices as Navy Federal.  I was told all of this AFTER they completed my application and did a hard pull on my credit: for refinancing, instead of dealing with the previous loan holder directly, they mail YOU a check to pay off the loan, which you then need to mail to the loan holder.  YOU need to contact the loan holder and make sure they send Navy Federal the title.  YOU also have to go to the DMV (or tax collector) to record the change in lienholder.  Oh, they'll do it for you, but they'll send you a check for the amount your state charges, which you then have to deposit into your Navy Federal account for them to debit.  What?  They should be paying me for doing all of this.  In all my experiences, the financing/refinancing institution handles everything.  At the very least, all of this should be disclosed BEFORE the application is complete and they pull your credit.  Needless to say, I did not accept the loan offer but the damage has already been done to my credit.  I will never, ever do business with or recommend Navy Federal.

Amazing! To God be the Glory! This card has given me back $250 cash into my account. I am grateful for the opportunity to have this card.

I love my NFCU accounts. Easy to manage online. Never had a problem except for one rude customer service rep. Excellent service overall.

The contact with loan officer, loan processor has been nearly impossible. After 2 months of trying to reach these officers my loan was denied. Now I’m trying to get a denial letter so I can get my earnest money back. Don’t do an application for a mortgage with Navy Federal Credit Union.

I like them for banking, but my wife & I just had one of the worst experiences of our lives with their mortgage department. Long story short: we applied for a loan, were approved, went under contract on our dream house, paid for the inspection & appraisal, and then, on the day of closing, we were denied the mortgage. Their reason - our DTI was too high. THEY KNEW OUR FINANCIAL INFORMATION THE ENTIRE TIME! They let me stay under contract for 2 months, let me buy the appraisal & they gave me the thumbs up on every step of the way. On the day of closing, when my wife & I had all of our possessions packed into a moving truck, they call me to tell me they're not going through with it. God - please help me to bless my enemies.

Good i have been using this card for a few months now and it may have a small limit right now but i plan on increasing that soon and its a good start

I will never use another CU... I have never had any issues and they are always prompt and professional.. It has been my pleasure banking with NFCU!

Great secured card for those who need one. I have been with Navy Federal for over 13 years and this is one of my favorite products from them.

I just closed my account. I had my account hacked for almost 400$ I had proof and filed a police report. I knew the people that did this to me . However, the credit union would not refund one dime. I'm 59 years old on SSI. Also I find their Mobile app very outdated. And down a lot causing me to not be able to conduct any transactions. I would have to wait and sometimes it was over 24 hours. They are not at all like any credit union. We were supposed to be members. But they do not support you. Your $ is very important. When they allow people to steal from you it's time to move on. I closed my account</p>

This is a wonderful card I've been banking with them for a year now and I think they're wonderful.  The rewards from this card are top notch it's a wonderful card for everyday spending and I just love the card love the increase they gave me  thank you

Great card to establish your credit rating. Since I have never made a late payment, I wish my interest rate would decrease. I need to inquire at the Navy Federal Credit Union to determine if they would lower the rate!

Great card. Low APR and high credit  limits offered. Only Negative is AMEX is not accepted everywhere especially Costco. Card offers points but can be redeemed to cash right to checking account.

This doesn’t go for Navy Federal as a whole, but their loan officer Heather Mead is the absolute worst! I called I emailed no answers no responses. She called me one time left a message and I called back and she didn’t call back. But she made sure she me my loan denial thought the robot. I know loan officers are swamped right now, she showed total disregard to my account. She the least helpful loan officer I been working with through this process! Sad because I really like navy federal, maybe my name is too black for her and she didn't think I was worthy of her time. I will never know</p>

Great card with low APR and zero annual fee based on credit worthiness. I have been using it for more than a year now. I rely on it for every major purchase I make. I will definitely recommend this card to anybody.

The best Credit Union on the planet for credit building, excellent products and exceptional customer service.  I have been with them for years and will never leave!

Have been a member of NFCU for approximately 50 years. Service has been excellent. Until recently! While applying for a mortgage I have had the worst service possible! I just finished building  a new home and am at the end of a construction loan. Dealing with the NFCU loan officer has been a nightmare! Incorrect information and almost zero responses from her to my emails, voice mail has been the norm.  According to the VA, all the NFCU loan officer needs to do is resubmit the request to them and the matter will be resolved. I have excellent credit and according to the VA rep, this should be a simple matter to correct. United Bank and other lending institutions are ready and eager to provide a loan. However, I would much rather deal with NFCU. IF I can just get some assistance. The silence from NFCU loan officer is so frustrating. I have asked for assistance from a NFCU supervisor. We shall see...?

It is okay for just having a credit card. Not all that’s it’s cracked up to be (It’s a secured account). I’ve had my card for almost a year now.#Bummer</p>

Good starter card has been great for building my credit score and the interest rate is realistically manageable one of the key factors in getting approved for my first house

Navy federal credit union changed my life. They have given me the ability to pay bills on time and have given me the best rates on all of my loans

I Love this card. I Just need a higher credit limit. I use it all the time plus I got bonus cash for using it for my daily purchases. It really is one of my best cards!

Having this card has helped me improve my score in the course of 3 months. And they have a site where you can go see your credit score

Great Card with a high balance and a good company to bank with at this time. I really enjoy the cash back bonuses I receive when I use my card.</p>

They are a quality credit union and their card helps my credit. I feel protected with NFCU overall. They are a modern bank. Their cards max at 18 apr. good deal.</p>

applied to navy fed rewards card with a 660 credit score, no late payment on all accounts. DENIED!!!! I have read many reviews that people with late payments and lower credit score that are getting approved... SEEMS VERY STRANGE TO ME... I've been a member of navy fed for over 8 years. PLEASE EXPLAIN NAVY FEDERAL, PLEASE EXPLAIN. I'LL WAIT... 0 RATING FOR ME, LIKE I MAY TAKE MY BUSINESS ELSEWHERE..</p>

Applied through my pre-qualified email they sent me. At the time my credit was 644(EQ) 656(TU). They approved me for a 15k CL !! I have only two other credit cards, both Capital One Platinum cards with low CL. So for Navy to give me that credit limit was surprising to say the least. But I’m not complaining ?</p>

Excellent  experience with this bank and its accuracy.  They allow me to be flexible and they work with you with small payments system

I refinanced my Auto Loan with NFCU. I could not believe how they expedited the whole process.  The interest rate, I received was far less than, I previously had.  I even received a $200 bonus from NFCU.

If your due date falls on a Saturday you will be charged a late fee because the payment will not be accounted for until the next business day. This happened to me.

Today, My mom and I came into the Mesquite, TX. location so she could finish opening up her account. Our member service rep was Jarred. He was very helpful in insisting my mom and I . My mom was opening up a Savings Account and I already had an account with them. I was the one who recommend my mom to open up an account there. Plus, I told her she should have that bank anyway since her son was once in the Navy. Jarred had so much knowledge in answering all my questions. I even interrupted him a couple of times asking him questions about the bank services and each time he answer it appropriate. I am a Supervisor at a bank and customer service is a big plus for me. Well, he had customer service, polite, personality and all of the above. Please keep employers like him. We need more. I can tell that he loves what he does.

The best card I ever had. I wouldn't do it any other way they are the best N.F.C.U. I was once with another card service but they couldn't compare to N.F.C.U.</p>

I’ve been banking with navy fed for over 10 years and I completely live it, their customer service is exceptional plus they always find a fix to any of your problems.

I  had a great time with the loan officer with Navy Federal credit union I will be happy to provide any one if need good agreement navy Federal is the best place for you.

Great interest rate and high starting credit limit. I’ve had this card for approximately three years and I’ve almost tripled my limit using sound financial decisions. I’ve been a member of NFCU for 42 years and my credit score is in the outstanding category.

Typically has the best rates on everything, customer service is always good, if eligible everyone should join the largest by far credit union in the world

One of the best no annual fee rewards card! Earn 3x points on supermarkets, gas, transit, restaurants, that's including food delivery like Doordash/Uber Eats and earn 1x points in everything else. There's also a sign up bonus! The only downside is you have to be a Navy Federal Credit Union member in order to apply. Highly recommend this card as your first card with this bank!

Disappointed that they don't give automatic credit increases. To get an increase is a hard pull on credit. May as well get a new card</p>

Love my NFCU CC. If you can get it I would highly suggest adding this to your CC portfolio. The rewards are crazy good and I have earned more in 3 months with them then I have with the 3 years on my Discover card

The card is very good I like it I would recommend to anyone I have had it for a year. First year was good navy federal is always giving</p>

Potential borrowers need to be aware that Navy Federal does not accept PRINCIPAL ONLY payments. Sure, they'll take any extra money you send them, and will apply it towards any interest that's accrued THEN the remainder will go towards your principal, but there is no way to designate that any additional or extra payments are to go ONLY to your principal balance. We recently refinanced our auto loan with Navy Federal and have most of our bank accounts with them, and have been relatively happy. However, I was shocked to find out after-the-fact that they don't offer the principal only option. Their statements are also very vague and don't give a break down of how your previous month's payment was applied..it essentially only tells you your current and previous YTD interest amounts and your remaining balance..that's the extent of details. We had our loan through Capital One prior to refinancing, and they made it very simple to pay extra towards our principal. We could add additional amounts to our monthly payment, or make a single PRINCIPAL ONLY payment through their website. Over the life of the loan, this could make quite a difference in how much a borrower pays in total interest. Inexperienced borrowers may not realize the difference, but a few minutes with an amortization calculator will show anyone the savings in interest that are realized when principal is reduced.

Navy federal credit union is extremely member friendly!  Low rates. Saving lots of money. I would strongly recommend all military and veterans use this credit union!

I sing this creation's praises to everyone I meet! Love this place. Have had nothing but good experiences here. I will never leave.</p>

Awesome I enjoy every aspect of Navy federal credit union. Since joining I've added 2 credit cards and a new focus on my credit profile not just my credit score.</p>

Great card if you just want simple cash back without worrying to activate quarterly categories plus it’s navy federal great credit union to be with if you can get in plus Potential for credit my increases as your account ages</p>

The online loan process was super easy. All I had to really do after approval was to electronically sign two documents. I believe this was the easiest car loan transaction I’ve ever done. Great people to do business with.

The cashRewards card is a solid card for everyday purchases with the 1.5% cash back being a decent reward. Navy federal is wonderful bank to do business with and the app easy to navigate.

I love my navy federal credit card and checking and savings when you call them they are always so nice and helpful and very knowledgeable

This a great bank you become a member with. Small things like a secured card or a pledge loan “which is a secured loan” can help you with building credit and a relationship with navy federal so you will be able to ask for loans in the future and always be approved.

I really love NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION. They have always been there for all my needs. ❤ I needed new furnishings for my new house and propose to the girl of my life in Palm Bay - One of the Florida Keys that was suggested by an awesome NFCU loan specialist in Pensacola FL. Everything went perfect, thanks to NFCU! I'm glad to be in the NFCU family. Thank you for the financial support NFCU to make everything perfect! Awesome loan and repayment plan.</p>

Everything was great up until water got in the car's computer which caused a total loss, I had never missed a payment or did anything wrong.. then the insurance people paid them out then gap covered the rest, now I don’t have a car and I’m out of every cent I put in that car then after all that my credit plummeted, it’s been such a bad last two years.</p>

Excellent I'm glad I refinanced with them. I received a better rate with my credit union lower rates and great in explaining everything

Love how fast this card reported to the credit bureaus. It has really shown improvement on my credit score only a couple months into having it!</p>

Best Credit Union Period! In just two years they gave me over 54k in Credit and Loans!!!

I think it’s good to know where you’re at every month by checking your credit score. The only downside is not available end of week rather than have to wait patiently.

Love NFCU! Friendly customer service, no issues with them, we’ve been banking with them for 10 years and never had a problem at all. We’ll be banking with them forever

Great company to use for car loans low interest rates and a good payment. Just make sure you make the payment on time or they will turn you over to the credit bureau quickly.

They put this account in my name without my knowledge.found out after 120 days later not cool.still using nfcu but only for small purchases. ONLY

By far, the biggest incompetent liars in the banking business.  Submitted application to get out of forebearence; was told to do it quick as they (NFCU) are waiving the 3 month consecutive mortgage payments to allow people to get refinanced quickly (lie - later learned this is a government mandate and NFCU has no ability to waive the 3 month payment schedule); emailed application (my mistake - was suppose to snail mail it); after not hearing for two months, was told they never processed application but would take the form filled out (dated January 1); they made the application retroactive to January 1 in March (never told me that) and called to say I was two months late on my mortgage and would need to make the 3 month payment in 12 hours or be late on that month; paid the three months with a promise it would not be report it as a late payment only to find out today - they sure did....credit now reflects a late payment on March's mortgage.  Throughout the process, requested calls from manager never to receive a call.  Ignorant people, horrible customer service and disgusting business tactics.

Navy Federal has been helpful in our dealings with them. The staff have always been polite, very friendly and super helpful. Wonderful!

Great credit union. They are true to their Military families. I’ve been happy with them since inception. They are fair & caring.</p>

So I opened bank account with navy federal 3 months later I did the pre-qualification for a credit card and it said I was approved for the cash rewards card. My scores at the time were around 650 to 680 but they only pulled transunion. I pulled the trigger on it and chanced the hard pull and to my amazement I was approved for the cash rewards card with a 20k limit I had two collections on my report also that were 3 years old. I'm really grateful that navy federal gave me an opportunity when others would not.</p>

This card is the best card out there. NavyFederal credit Union. Visa Mastercard cash rewards are the best.. Try American Express card awesome card too.

If you have an opportunity to bank with Navy Federal... Do it.. I have been a member for 35 years. The credit union has been in business 85 years.

Great Rewards card 3x points on Gas, Groceries and Restaurants. This card came with a 25,000 bonus point offer for spending $3000 in 90 days.

I love Navy Federal Credit Union. So far all representatives have been very helpful. They gave me my first credit card. Everything is easy to understand with them.

I love the response on credit responded faster than my Rico and credit karma thanks for the info correct info. I love using this site for insight on improving my overall credit health. It's a sure thing that this is the best platform for credit</p>

Thanks for rating me for this service and helping with my credit. Thanks so much for the help and good service in helping me in getting my credit right.

Good experience on being with them!! One of the best credit unions to have a Secured card Thanks for helping me with my credit if I had to do it all over again I would do it with Navy Federal

Awesome Credit Union.  I absolutely enjoy everything Navy Federal Credit Union has offered me. Just to think that a year  ago I started with A self lender acc.

I paid Navy Federal $530 for an appraisal that I have never received. They hired the appraiser and he appraised the wrong thing. Not only is NF incompetent, but they apparently hire incompetent contractors. Now, I am the one left holding the bag. I have always been a big fan of NF but it has been over a year that they have not refunded my money or produced the appraisal (for the correct land) that they drafted money for from my account. I will never do business with them again and I would suggest

This credit union has blocked my debit card use for one year because of their internal guidelines!! I was not given any consumer information for internal guidelines usage of Navy federal debit cards. I now have to go to a bank inside a branch to retrieve my money .... navy federal has been holding my funds and not paying my accounts on time also!!!! DON'T BANK HERE!!! I have REPORTED THEM TO THE NCUA FOR MY COMPLAINTS!!! If you have issues with them you should report them also</p>

Good card with cash back rewards program. Wish the limit was a bit higher as I plan to start using the card a lot more due to security concerns with my debit card.

They are a great credit union to keep your money in... I appreciate navy federal credit union. you can too. Get your family and friends to join and enjoy all the benefits navy federal has to offer your family</p>

Great card especially for new cardholders. Would recommend for sure. I have found it a little difficult to get a credit line increase though</p>

1st class customer service and excellent financial products. Left Vystar Credit Union after 30 years to go with Navy Fed CU. So glad I did

NFCU has some of the best lending options for building credit. Their max APR will always be 18% and this makes it a great start for new accounts.

I'm a black disabled vet and been a member for around 5 yrs now. Initially when I tried to join Navy Federal Credit union, I was not approved. On my second attempt I got in and bought business from my wife and children. After awhile I was having financial problems, but still paying my bills on time. So I was forced to file bankruptcy in 2017. Before I filed for bankruptcy I tried to refinance my home to try and avoid bankruptcy, so I applied for a refi with Navy Federal and was denied again. I was very disappointed because I had a pretty good credit score.  Now, 3 yrs post my bankruptcy with a ok credit score with less debt, good income, consistent income for the last 30 yrs, no lateness on my mortgage. They still denied me. When I really need them to come through they failed me. Not to mention this was actually my third time trying to work with them. Never again. The benefits of being with this bank hasn't panned out when I really need them. I will be looking for a new institution to bank with. P.S. communication with the loan dept. is the absolute worst I've ever experienced from a banking institution. At this point I don't see any benefit from being a member of this bank.

It’s Navy Federal, they treat their members properly. It took me less than 5 minutes to complete the loan application through the Navy Fed app.  I received a decision immediately and the rate was very good.  Selected how/where I wanted the money disbursed and the funds were in the account    within the hour.  I used the app to set up a recurring transfer from my checking account to make my payments and I’ve had no problems with the payment not transferring or the wrong amount being taken or the payment being deducted twice - like you sometimes hear about when  people schedule auto-payments through certain providers.  I’m a big fan of Navy Fed and

Navy Fed is a wonderful place to bank.  Low rates for loans and credit cards and great customer service that is based in the US.  The people here have a willingness to treat their customers like owners b/c at a credit union that’s what you are, one of the owners.

Navy Federal Credit Union approved me with an excellent rate when I thought it would be hopeless. I am extremely grateful to them, their staff, as well as the members that they serve.

Navy Federal Credit Union is the greatest credit union ever. Extremely fair and good to the members that they serve. I highly recommend to anyone who qualifies.

The Pandemic Relief Loan from Navy was an awesome help. Navy is an awesome Credit Union. Their personal loans are always good, but offering this at a low-interest rate to members was a great way to have our backs!</p>

It's my go to card for Monthly recurring charges and high priced purchase as well. Also giving back 1.5% of every purchase. Just join in with Navy Federal Credit Union (savings or checking account) and apply for their Credit cards.

They take too long to raise credit limit, even if you pay your card of to a 0 balance every month, disappointed</p>

One of the best and most coveted credit unions. So grateful I am able to qualify for this. The type of card to keep for the long haul.

I’m going through a refinance and I recommend others to avoid. I started this process in Dec of 2020 and it is now the beginning of April 2021. They have not provided me with any information, the communication has been extremely horrible. They had to pull my credit twice now since it’s been so long. I’m just really disappointed with the lack of communication and how long it has taken. I would recommend staying local and refinance with a bank you can actually visit to get answer.

Fantastic service.  always lets me know when the bill is due. Makes it easier to track and pay the balance due. Very convenient for me.

Worst bank ever. There was fraud on my acct within the first week of opening the acct. They froze my debit card. They hold u responsible for fraud even though they say your not liable. Its a load of bs. The bank knows there is fraud right now due to tax season, and i get penalized. Not right whatsoever. I am closing my acct. And i will let ppl know in person as well. Stay away from Navy Federal.

Great credit line and I am happy that they take care of me because they really care and promote the best products that I am able to take advantage of.

I have been on time with every payment and have kept low utilization and it’s still secured. I call to talk to someone at Navy and they say it’s all up to their computers.. wouldn’t recommend</p>

Excellent to deal with easy process and saved me a lot of money on my loan. Will definitely go through them again without hesitation

This was a fact credit upgrade. Your first six months is no interest and there is as no hassle. Easy payment plan. And wonderful customer service

I love this bank and I love my card benefits!!! Has helped build my credit even with the hard inquiry!!! Even for non military this bank offers some of the best benefits around!!

Best auto loan company/bank to deal with and super helpful. They answer all questions thoroughly and with no bias. Amazing customer service reps!

Great credit card with a great company that respects its customers. This is an American company that respects its veterans. I've never had anything but the best of service when I needed it.</p>

Navy Federal Credit Union has been the best bank I had the pleasure of working with. They put the customer first and they always have multiple solutions for everyone, not the one size fits all mentality.</p>

Very good product to have. The Navy Federal Pledge Loan was an easy process that allowed for a co-applicant and reported to our credit report quite fast. The customer service agents were knowledgeable and very pleasant to work with.

Great Financial Institution!  Wonderful loan rates and customer service is top notch.  Rewards program is accurate and easy to use.

I've had over 30,000 in a savings account at Nav Fed. I'm interested in buying a home so I contacted NF for a back up loan of maybe 10,000. I do have another account at another bank and combined would make a good down. I have a fico over 700 and do not owe. This to me is bulls--t!  What happened to we are the mission BS?

NFCU is simply the best card ever! No annual fee, great sign up bonus and my limit  was a shocking 20K with a low interest rate. Hands down the best card

Navy Federal is the best. Great service and low cost options. The customer service is superb and i am grateful to have the opportunity to be a member. Top notch!

NFCU has mishandled my escrow account since I closed on my home. It is incredibly frustrating to get answers due to their inefficient bureaucracy and lack of transparency.

They closed on time with so many conditions! We had a team that constantly moved things along so that we could get DU approval within 17 days of our offer.

Great rate very east to apply and get approved.  Great communication throughout the process.  Did 15 year long and payment hardly went up.

Can't say enough great things about this bank.. employees, customer service..by far the best in the business. Flawless and always about taking care of the customer. Thank you</p>

Do NOT get a Navy Federal Visa card.  I booked a flight to South Africa last year that was cancelled due to covid.  The airline was not issuing refunds only credits for a flight at a later time.  Now that international travel has opened up, I tried to contact the airline to rebook my flight and they went bankrupt.  Navy Federal refused to review my dispute because if fell outside of the date range for disputes.  Everyone is changing due to Covid but not Navy Federal.  Everything is black and white based on pre-Covid days.  I'm signing up for an AMEX through Delta to use on all my airline travel today.

Navy Federal has provided me with outstanding service since the beginning and I could not be happier with them.  I chose their More Rewards Amex card, it has instantly become my go to card.  Their intro offer was 30000 points after spending $3k in 3 months.  Unlike most banks, Navy Federal allowed me to redeem all the points into cash - that's $300.00!  You can use it for whatever you want as well.

I like this card but I don’t like that they didn’t tell me I had to make balance transfers in the first 7 days to get 0% interest.

I keep a balance on my card to show I am using it. I pay more than my minimum payment. Every 3 or 4 months I pay the whole balance. The credit available will increase every 5 months long as you're making payments.</p>

I keep a balance on my card to show I am using it. I pay more than my minimum payment. Every 3 or 4 months I pay the whole balance. The credit available will increase every 5 months long as you're making payments.</p>

Great company  to work with. The transaction was easy And the customer service was great. I would definitely recommend this company

This is a Great Bank and Credit Card to have. I have been with Navy Federal Credit Union my entire adult life. Nothing more to say</p>

Navy FCU is the best financial institution I have ever dealt with.  They operate like credit unions used to operate, as opposed to becoming more like traditional banks.

Got a mortgage and paid off a few years ago. Navy Federal messed up registering the lien release with the county records. Now they are giving the run-around to get the lien release corrected. Meantime, it is affecting my refinance.

Lowest interest of all my cards, and my auto loan was painless and my check was available next day, my personal loan was even quicker, the money was in my account in 15 minutes.</p>

Navy Federal has been giving good interest loans to military families for a long time. In my opinion they care way more than USAA.</p>

Horrible service!  Called twice this morning.  The first time I was on hold for 20 mins, then my call was rerouted to the business service, but office was closed.  Called when business center was opened, first time on hold was for 30 mins, then my call was transferred to business services.  Stayed on hold for an hour, but still no one answered or there was no indication of the hold time.  Don't bank with them!.

I got approved with around 640, 2 collections & 3 of my 4 cards almost maxed, but I  haven’t been late on a card in almost 3 yrs. they approved me with $6200.I love NF I plan on applying for another card to help my utilization

An amazing card, they’re always looking to work with you regardless of credit, points available immediately to use, if you take care of your account your credit will definitely get better</p>

This bank is amazing. Treat you the way customers are to be treated. Never had a problem with any department. I have business and personal with them .. Can't brag enough</p>

NavyFed is a very easy entity to work with. I've been especially very pleased with their efforts and support modifications during covid. I was hospitalized and even with some disruptions with my banking and business transactions they're helpful to me during my recovery.

Very excellent service and rewards. I especially appreciate the high credit limit I am being afforded. Now, I can accomplish more projects, as well as increase my credit rating.

I love having a NFCU card. I started off with a secured credit card and now it’s unsecured with a substantial credit limit increase!  It didn’t take long at all. Please make your payments on time and they will reward you for your good work.

Navy Federal is the best company I have ever dealt with in my life. Customer services are a1. they're on time and they got the answers.</p>

The application process was painless and the interest rate was better than competitors. We applied online and had an answer within seconds.</p>

Always the best credit union! Best service best rates will continue to be a customer for as long as they are around Would highly recommend

I wish I could get a better financing percentage rate cause I am a good customer for many years I think the rate I pay should be less since I’ve been a good customer</p>

Extremely slow to respond! They have obviously become so big they don’t need more customers. I applied for membership online via their website on 27 January 2021. They finally responded to me on 18 February asking for me to upload personal info — which I did immediately. Today is 8 March. I finally called them because I had not heard back from them. They used the excuse that they had not received the info I sent. I know this is not true. Will definitely not want an account with an institution that has no respect for its customers.</p>

Great financial institution I really appreciate the way I am treated and the attitude in which I am greeted with . I love this Navy Thank You

Always goes the extra mile to help you out or answer questions.   NF has the best Customer service!!!! I highly recommend them.   ..

Navy Federal is wonderful a great institution that is really interested in their customers.</p>

Awesome card with cash back benefits, that can be used to pay down your balance on your card as well. The entire line of navy federal cards are awesome to have</p>

Navy Federal Credit Union is the complete model for customer service and caring about people and their financial future. They are knowledgeable and don't just recommend a product hoping the customer will buy it.

Great cards that offer rewards and love the app that I can pay my so easily. Would recommend NFCU. I am working on raising my credit scores and this card raised it over 40 points.</p>

I have been a Navy FCU cardholder for years. I have been pleased with the card, rewards program, their favorable interest rates and outstanding customer service.

Awesome card love the offered perks and cash back. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to save money and while spending money earning money back.

Misgenders lgbtq all the time. Will send you on crazy chases to find a free atm. WORST bank ever happy to be leaving for a local bank not worth the early pay day STAY away from them I would dare say RUN away

Only thing better would be 0% love the rate and the service Navy Federal provides. Whether refinancing or new car purchase this is the place to go. Good credit or excellent your rate will be best around..

I will never bank with NFCU ever again. We came over to NFCU in Aug/Sept 2020 after we had problems with USAA. Everything was great, we had no complaints until Feb 19th, 2021. That was the day that started all our problems with NFCU. On Feb 19th, 2021 I received a settlement check from my lawyer Roybal-Mack & Cordova Law Office in Albuquerque, NM. I was in an auto accident on Nov 1st, 2019, I was the passenger and I was hit from behind and had major back injures due to the other driver. On Feb 19th, 2021, I deposited my settlement check from my lawyers into a CU Anytime ATM (CO-OP ATM) and ATM that is used for credit unions. I deposited the money and nothing was available not even half of the check. I called NFCU and they said because I used a "third-party" ATM it was going to be on hold for 5 business days. Okay, that's fine, I understand completely. I worked for USAA so I know the rules on ATM deposits and all that good stuff. I called Feb 20th-Feb 24th to see if someone could release half the check because we are in the middle of a Military move across the country. And I kept getting the same answer "no I am sorry because it was a "third-party" deposit it needs to be on hold for 5 days. Okay. I went to check my mobile app on Wed Feb 24th, 2021 to see if maybe the money was placed in the account, I was locked out of my account. I tried the mobile app and the .com and nothing, I was really locked out. I asked my husband to log in with his username and password and he was able to get in. I called NFCU and they said my portal was restricted and I needed to confirm a few things before they could unlock it, okay no big deal. Mind you I wait 30-40 mins to talk to the Checking department and then I waited another 40-60 mins to talk to security. I was getting upset at this point. All our money was in this account and we are moving. I finally hung up because I did not have time to sit there and wait another hour for someone. I went about my day and remembered at 3 pm MT I needed to call NFCU back and figure out my account. The lady that I talk to in security was SOOOO rude. She at first told me my husband was not affected and the restriction was on my profile and he will be able to use his card etc. By the time I was done answer all the questions about the check I deposited they said "it was a fraud check and I knew it was a fraud and I could not longer bank with NFCU. WAT WHAT?! I was confused about how they go that information. She started to change her tone and was giving me an attitude and was talking to me like trash. I kept asking "what did I do wrong" and she would not answer my question. She processed to tell me my husband has been affected and he was no longer welcomed at NFCU and they would not hold his money from him and he could go into a branch and pull his money out and they will be closing our account. WHAT?! I asked again "what did I do wrong' and she would not answer me. She said the information I see does not match our records. WHAT?! At this point I am pissed. I Hang up on her and race to the local branch, meanwhile, I am on the phone with my lawyers saying they gave me a fraudulent check and the banks have flagged me and the lawyers are angry because they didn't give me a fraudulent check. I get to the local branch and the lawyers want to talk to the branch manager and the manager says point blank " I am not allowed to talk to them on the phone, I am not allowed to talk to anyone on the phone." She did not want to help me. She did say that my husband was not affected and I could remove myself from the account and he could still use the account without me. Now it's Friday and we spent 2 hours on the phone with security at NFCU and nothing was done, I am still restricted and nothing will change that, they want me to appeal it. We went back to the branch and the manager still was not helpful. We removed me from the account and I asked the manager to leave exactly $500.00 in the account and we will take everything else. But because she did not want to give us change she did not leave $500.00 in there for our bills. Whatever. Come to find out the check I deposited on Feb 19th, 2021 was deposited and cleared the bank. WHAT?!!?! I am not understanding. Okay, it's the weekend nothing will happen. Today Monday, March 1st, 2021 comes around and we woke up to a NEG of $4000.00 in our NFCU account. The bank kept pulling and taking money in and out of the account. We are so confused about what is going on. They placed a hold on everything. We called this morning March 1st, 2021, and the lady we talked to was mean and rude, I asked to speak to a manager or supervisor, and from my experience with working at USAA, if the customer asked to speak to someone higher you grant that request. The supervisor would not talk to us. We will NEVER EVER bank with NFCU EVER AGAIN. They are the worst bank on the planet. If you are in the Military or Retired or anything else stay away from NFCU. I cannot begin to tell you how terrible they made me feel. I laid in bed one-night thinking was going to get arrested because they said I committed bank fraud and that is a federal offense and they could press charges because I placed a "fraud" check in the bank. The check was not a fraud. Come to find out because it was deposited into a "third-party" ATM they could not verify the check and they restricted me and flagged me.  I could sue NFCU for defamation of character because they have ruined me in their eyes. And they will not talk to me anymore. We are closing our NFCU account and we will be contacting our JAG office on our base about getting NFCU blacklisted or flagged. Others need to be wared of they treated me and how they treat their customers. I have never in my life been so offended or hurt in my life. We move in 5 days and we are dealing with this, when we shouldn't have to. Please be warned about NFCU and DO NOT bank here ever!!!!

My credit was not good since I never knew about credit until I loaned a car and didn't realize navy federal just approved my auto loan with no hesitation or kept me waiting. It was an easy loan approval and I will recommend navy federal to anyone.</p>

This is the best place to receive help as far as getting a car with great interest rates! The process is very quick. It’s a blessing to be apart of Navy Federal

I wish I could select all categories.  Unless it's a withdrawal from an ATM, NFCU is one of the most difficult financial institutions to deal with.  Appears training anyone who answers the phone is minimal.  And passing my request on to other departments goes into a black hole. I've been trying to get statements for my deceased father for 5 months now. I am his Trustee and no one knows how to handle a Trust.  My year end tax statement went to an address that I changed 7 months ago with NFCU.  Who's running the ship?

Navy Federal has been such an amazing bank for me these past 3 years! My credit scores are FICO 8 EQU 689 TU 664 and EXP 685. Back in Jan 2018 I opened my checking/savings applied for the cash back visa instant $3900 approval 90 days later with consistent on-time payments I applied for the signature go rewards and was approved for 20k!!!! Fast forward to Feb 2021 and I got approved for the Amex more rewards with a 20k limit too! They really take care of their customers who pay on time! Highly recommend them!</p>

I have been a member since 1992. in the last 5 years it has gone downhill fast. Customer service is almost non-existent. I would not recommend.

Great! Easy to use the app to make payments and comes in handy for big purchases I need to make every once in a while! Love it!!!!

For being such a large credit union I am surprised how horrible the service is! What a complete nightmare and so incredibly unprofessional. Even the lending employees supervisor is horrible. I suggest you find another lender.

Very happy with the customer service and they are always available. To answer in questions and really work with you on a one-on-one basis</p>

I really love NFCU ?. Best credit union in the world. Customer service is impeccable. It is not hard to apply and get what you need. I got A car loan, credit card, personal loan, and I pay all of them ahead or on time and more $$$ than required. Never late thus far. 2-3 years with a chapter 7 on public record. Thanks NFCU for giving me a chance when the rest turned me down. I also have an Acct they offered me to save money and build my credit up.</p>

Very high credit limit, low annual fee for a rewards card. Lower intrest rate than most cards. Like anything eslse with NavyFed it's just a superior card.

Beyond frustrated, it has taken almost a year (March 2020) and the loan still is not processed?. I am over qualified for the loan (100k salary, 830+ credit for 120k loan? ) and after getting 2nd loan officer (at my request) they keep asking for the same information that is already in the file. It's like they aren't reading or constantly have different people handling the file. Is it logical for one year in the underwriting process you to ask for 2018 tax returns?! No. You already have them, but let me submit for the 3rd time! Beyond frustrating. Feels like they are playing games or don't have the balls to decline the mortgage? Let's move on. Don't waste your time.  I want you to reimburse me for the appraisal, since I'll now need to get another one when applying for a mortgage with a company who knows how to process them.

Mostly everything is great. Generous credit line great customer service. The only issue is that this is not reported on my Experian credit report despite NFCU claiming they have reported to all 3. Very strange</p>

Very good & fair bank! I highly recommend This bank for all of your banking needs! Many benefits that most banks don’t have!  It may be a bank for most to use!

The best bank their customer service is truly amazing they work hard to resolve any problems that you may have. Every time I've had an issue it was resolved. The agents are always aiming to please</p>

Great service, lots of locations and branches. Easy online access and easy navigation on the website. Branch hours are convenient and telephone access is available.

Excelent cc never had an issue costumer service is polite and knowledgeable claim department is another history take a long time to  get an answer from them

Let’s take a second to talk about Zelle ... scam if I’ve ever seen one. They let you transfer from bank to bank but the money isn’t available to be transferred until the next day? Hmm not with any other bank. History has shown that banks that don’t give a client their money in REAL TIME means they USED it for something else and need a day or two to get you your money bank. Scams and I’m not here for it.

Great car loan experiences it was no hassle.  Wonderful limits and great interest rates. Reports payment history on time and great rates unbeatable...

Ease of use no late fees accepted everywhere great credit builder account. Paid monthly before due date. Using for a regular credit in the future

I've been a member for so long, and never got their cash back rewards credit card, should've gotten it when I first became a member, anyway LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my card and my NFCU.??</p>

Good way to strengthen your credit. I wish the rewards was more than just points, You have to get thousands before you get anything good

Navy Federal Credit Union has the best customer service. I have been with them for over 15 years. Although I’ve had my share of bumps in the past, they have honestly been a great asset for me.

The best bank by far. Out the gate they gave me $7300. My interest rate is very low as well. I plan on asking for an increase next month.

awesome customer service,went super smooth. All documents were completed and signed online.Whole process took less than three hours.

I have been with NFCU for over 39 years and I have never regretted it for one minute. They have always been there when I needed them. The best financial decision I made at a young age. I highly recommend.

I appreciate how easy they made it and how simple the process was  Was also very happy for the amount I was approved for . They truly care about their customers .

I Absolutely love my Navy Federal Credit Card. It’s a wonderful account. I will recommend this card to anyone who is needs credit.

Amazing card and bank. Good quality resources and support. They're there for you when you need them and at any time I look forward to working with them for many years</p>

Avoid Like it's Covid-19 this card will not graduate you unless you have perfect credit in 6 months they check for bankruptcy inquiries and new accounts if you have any of these your card will not graduate in six months. The Fit Mastercard is a much better option for people who are trying to build credit.

It was a Quick and easy process. I filled it out and my loan was in my account the very same day. No issue what so ever! Will do business again

Great starting credit lines $5k or more. .   Increases twice a year. No annually fee.  Superb customer service, great app and online site

Navy Federal puts holds on checks for extended amount of time even after hold time is met and when you ask why they extended hold time over the regular 2 business day hold they insulated me and said there fraud department had confidential information that check won’t clear and sent me a letter stating that,but when the check cleared no one apologies for the insult and the waste of my time

In all my 30 years of banking experience elsewhere  Navy Federal Credit Union has given me the Absolutely best banking experience I’ve ever had.

Good customer service and staff are friendly,card easy to manage on the mobile app as well as online. 24 hour customer service line

Yesterday, while attempting to make a cash deposit at Navy Federal Credit Union located in Laurel Maryland, I experienced prejudice, intolerance and embarrassment. It was 38 degrees as I patiently waited in the entrance line forming down the sidewalk. The line moved fairly consistent so it wasn’t more than 5 to 10 minutes before I was invited to walk in.  Upon entering, the person at the door stated, “There is hand sanitizer in the center, proceed to the open teller”. “I can’t use alcohol-based sanitizers,” I replied. A 2nd attempt at forcing me to use some unknown chemical product was made. I asked Chris, the person attempting to force compliance “show me Navy Federal's policy that denies a veteran access for not using hand sanitizer if they have a medical condition.” At this point, my son and I were kicked out of the location. Dewayne, the bank manager, walked out. Again, I requested to see Navy Federal's policy that denies a veteran access due to not using hand sanitizer who has a medical condition and cannot use hand sanitizers. Dewayne replied, “what they have us doing with things that are happening is I can take your transaction out here.”  “So, you can deny me access with a medical condition for not using hand sanitizer, are you sure under the American disability act that’s the proper thing to do?” “Yes”, Dewayne replied. Dewayne wanted me to make my financial transaction on the sidewalk in front of everyone. It wasn’t until I made several requests did, he finally take care of my deposit in some sort of privacy. Fortunately, I recorded a video of the entire event and will file a complaint with the US Department of Justice.  While I understand the importance of hygiene, Navy Federal should understand immunology, genetics, and the potential side effects from a chemical reaction before forcing the use of topical skin agents. Unlabeled chemical sanitizers are absorbed by the skin and can agitate Psoriasis and cause numerous medical reactions even in people without autoimmune disease. This type of discrimination only adds to the social and psychological burden of the disease. In addition, they embarrassed me by forcing me to publicly state my private medical information in front of a public crowd. This caused my son to start crying because he didn’t understand why Navy Federal wouldn’t help us. In a time of real anxiety, maybe Navy Federal should focus on education and empathy verse the absurd, cruel, and counterproductive practices.

Awesome card great benefits cash back on every purchase I pay of balance before the closing of my statement navy federal is a great bank

I have been a customer going on 15 years great bank and products and staff very professional and nice. I love the 24hr telephone service and their willingness to help all members through a financial crisis

There is a reason why NFCU is the most fined credit union in the country by the CFPB.  They have no respect for their “members”.   They will take advantage of you when your down.  I can’t imagine why the DoD permits this predatory organization on the bases.

This is a secured card, but has relatively low interest rate, offers cash back, no annual fee, and usually goes unsecured after 3 months. Great app, makes it easy to monitor & pay

I Love Navy Federal they help me with a financial needs. I would refer anyone that's trying to get their credit and start their business on the right track</p>

Best Credit Union by far!!! Excellent communication and resources to improve financial status. Great Customer Service and the Best credit card rates.</p>

NFCU is simply the best card ever! No annual fee, great sign up bonus and my limit  was a shocking 20K with a low interest rate. Hands down the best card

I like this card because the apr is low. Navy Federal also make it convenient to pay with their account transfer option. The rewards are great.

If your credit needs some help or if you need to raise your score on your credit reports then this excellent card to begin the process in repairing your credit. I highly recommend.

Beautiful feeling knowing I will be notified whenever I have an alert regarding to my credit . I’m still learning the ropes...but I’m getting my credit higher.

Great credit card company .. I enjoy using this credit card.. I'm I want to maximize my credit this card will be a great help along the way

Wish the points and cash back were higher, and they would increase my limit more often. Otherwise a great card, never declined anywhere

Good rates on used cars. Nobody else would do a refinance for me with the year and mileage I have. I just saved over 200$ by leaving Capital One and going with Navy Federal!</p>

Overall just an awful bank . I've had an issue with employment due to the virus. Despite talking to their financial department they continue to rack up the interest. Nothing changes. They also pulled my entire stimulus check without any heads up so I'm out that as well. Just go to USAA. I've had them for the same amount of time and had no issues. You can fix a lot on the app vs Navy Fed having you call everything in.

Navy Federal is the best relationship bank I know of. Great customer service, customer-friendly products and services, and a genuinely warm attitude. Love, love, love this Credit Union.</p>

I enjoy utilizing this card. I was approved on the spot for it and had no issues since. It has the tap and chip which makes it easy to purchase necessary items without touching.

Our 5th experience purchasing a home with NFCU, It couldn't be easier or better. Awesome doing business with NFCU. The employees couldn't be nicer or more professional.

Tried to refi and after "8" months and still no closing date I quit and went to another lender. Their excuse: they could not contact a previous employer although they have a mortgage of ours already when that previous employer was in effect. 8 Months ridiculous! Need I say more? No more business with NFCU ever.</p>

An extremely useful and top tier secured credit card that quickly graduates with careful use. I wish I had applied sooner, but even after only 90 days you will be considered for a higher UNSECURED limit.

Great interest rate for sub-prime credit score. Paid early and on time for 2 years and got an interest rate reduction. Great customer service.</p>

Wife wanted to move over from SCFCU, I warned her. Staff is often disorganized and rude. They don't have to work to earn your business, so they act like they're entitled to it. Connie is rude and argumentative. I'm moving back to SCFCU, not that Navy Fed cares or cares about reviews.... remember it's a privilege to bank there.</p>

I am a veteran and served the United States Navy in 1998. This was my first account at the age of. Due to bad choices, my account was closed back in 2008. I tried to reopen it today 1/8/2021 and they flat out told me since this account was sold, I can never in my life reopen another one. I have never felt so low and hurt about trying to reopen an account until now. I can’t believe Navy Federal will hold that against me and the representative said  that with no empathy at all. But Navy Federal is supposed to be for the people.

Love this card so far. Never been late and always receive friendly customer service. Hopefully I can do well with this card and stop using capital one.

Easy peasy to be find interests, Clean platform. No repetitive high interest loan offers picked for you. Interestingly intelligently done.</p>

Navy Federal was so helpful and friendly when I was applying for the loan. It was very easy, and I got to pick how long I wanted the loan term to be. I highly recommend them!</p>

I’ve only had my cards a few months but I would like to add that I have no complaints about my NRewards Card. And I would recommend this to anyone who wants to rebuild their credit.

Great with not hassle during the application process at all and the dealership was very happy with Navy Federal Auto Loan process and it made things great buying a truck.

Refinancing with Navy Federal was beneficial.  However, my credit score has gotten even better and if I refinance again there is no way to retain the two year history of payments (reason they lost a star with me).

NFCU was the best all around. I highly recommend them! They were friendly, knowledgeable, extra fast on completing the necessary paperwork!

Good bank love it. Recommend everyone to get it Thank you for your service. Good app I think everyone should download it and get it together</p>

Easy to work with. I did have to exchange a 3rd party check to a cashier's check to pay off the original loan with another company.</p>

I really like the ease and organization of the branch location where I got my car loan, but working with their home loan department was a NIGHTMARE. Can't expect them to be good at everything.

Great card! Simple to use and I get some money back. I like the fact that there is no annual fee and would recommend this card to anyone who has decent credit as that has kept my interest low.

Navy federal is one of the best banks I feel in the world I believe they are truly for the people they also help through the pandemic

APR sky high at 32%. Wouldn’t do it again if I could.  I didn’t realize the interest on this loan was so high.  The only reason I did it was to consolidate Cc debt and it worked for that.  I did cut my apr to 18% by paying 2000 down so interest is still high but not as high as 32%

Great credit union. Great customer service willing to help you in your financial needs with low interest. Will recommend to my friends.

Navy Federal on Tiny Town has always taken care of me . Their staff is phenomenal and will do what they can to take care of their client

Love the company and its customer service. They’re very helpful and generous with their products and services. Easy to maneuver app as well.</p>

They need to increase older member's credit that never been late because I feel at my age it’s like college kid's credit I can be a turn off</p>

Worst bank to bank at. I will no longer be banking there. I will make sure I talk all my family and friends to not bank there also.

So, it pains me that, I made an assumption, as a 33 year member with NFCU, NFCU would be as loyal to me as I was to them. I was mistaken. NFCU cares nothing about its members and only money. You reached into my accounts and, without working with me, without notice, before Christmas, took over $10,200 of my money.  Let me start with background. I had an ongoing bankruptcy which NFCU was a party to. This bankruptcy was initiated by me and did not start because I was in arrears with any NFCU account. In fact, I agreed to pay NFCU back 100 cents on the dollar.  October 5th 2020, my bankruptcy case was was dismissed due to unemployment and unable to meet the terms of the bankruptcy. Immediately I VOLUNTARILY contacted NFCU to inform them of how I was going to make arrangements for repayment. This was all documented in my account. I opted to work through a third party, National Debt Relief because NFCU was not the only party in the bankruptcy and due to my circumstances, worked best for me. NFCU KNEW this.  While setting up the payment plan with NDR, NFCU, without contacting me or attempting to work with me, took $2200 out of my account. I contacted your charge off department and made a deal with them that if NDR would expedite their arrangement with NFCU they would return the funds taken. I've been attempting to expedite the process with NDR and due to the holidays has been slower than hoped. I have all the email communications to prove this has been in the process. So instead of contacting me and discussing my situation (again), NFCU again withdrew $8000 of funds that were direct deposited in my account right before Christmas. No notice, no call, no attempt to work with someone willing to pay back debts owed. I assumed (incorrectly again) since I was already working with them to get the money they already took, they wouldn't take any more. Nope. Someone who's been a member for 33 years. The Christmas holiday no less. The deposited funds were my back unemployment I spent 10 months trying to rectify with the state. I had plans for the money which included paying back taxes to  the IRS. But, NFCU apparently does not care about the situation of it's members, only money. And when called what was NFCU's reply? It's in your account agreement. We can take your money to pay off debts. They quoted the fine print. NDR advised me to close my accounts with NFCU to prevent this very thing from happening. I could have, You know what my response was to them? I told them that I've been with NFCU for 33 years and they were very good with their members and myself. NFCU would never do that to me. My god I can't believe how naive I am. You are no different than any other financial institution.  I will be closing all my accounts and advising my family members to close their accounts as well. Unconscionable they would treat a disabled vet this way.

Thank you for allowing me to build my credit back up and get a second chance. If not for Navy Federal Union credit card I will have to accept the high interest rate when I'm doing business I'm trying to purchase something.

This card has a balance which is still being paid. Never missed a payment on this particular card. All payments made on time. The card is constantly being used.

So far so good! I love navy federal I haven’t had any issues from them. I plan to go through their mortgage process therefore I got a secured credit card to start improving my credit.</p>

This small loan with NFCU has helped me tremendously. The monthly payments are very affordable and easy to make. I look forward to my on time monthly payments making a positive contribution to increase my credit scores every month.</p>

I don’t like the fact that my billing cycle closed a day early without notice. The high balance that’s reporting isn’t a statement balance so why is it reporting? Inconsistent issues! Waiting to see improvements!

I just got a credit card with them today for 25000 limit. Been a checking member for 13 months. Best bank Ever! Have a car loan with them as well

good people overall great experience to learn from as well and they have the people with the knowledge and experience to make it super convenient and easy to understand.</p>

One of the best credit unions if you can qualify to be in</p>

Has always been receptive to any questions that I had about my account, their practices and procedures, or their banking products in general.

The absolute BEST, hands down. The service is always excellent, the application process is simple and personalized, and there's absolutely no hassle at all at the dealership or branch when sorting out payment. Plus, the interest rates are out of this world.

They are very good at helping me with my financial needs. They also break everything down so that you get a good understanding of what is going on. Thanks again.

Navy federal will let you have 3 cards without inquiries, just wait 90 days between applications and make payments on time, may start with low limits but will raise them every 90 days as well.</p>

I tried to like navy federal I really did but I just can’t. Sure they have a lot of locations but in 2020 you really don’t need physical locations anymore. Every time I talk to a navy federal employee the word I always hear is Can’t, literally with everything. I don’t understand how a bank makes it harder for its members as opposed to making things easier for them but navy federal makes it happen. Even the debit cards fall apart or stop working after a couple of months. Credit cards, forget it they have some decent rates however they’ll get you on the late fees and the rewards are trash. Almost every credit card company will send you reminders of payments due as a friendly reminder to pay your bill.... except navy federal thanks navy federal I love having my credit score hit over 20 dollars. And yea I get it “pay your bills on time and you don't have a problem” but we all forget here and there. All in all, in my eyes they fail in every way compared to the competition go with USAA or a local credit union before them.</p>

I just love Navy Federal,The staff is very friendly. You don't have to wait in line long for service. If you put in for a loan they let you know within the hour if you were approved or not

Navy federal had been very good to me , when my cc got hacked they were very quick on resolving my issue and got me a new card ASAP . They always stay in touch with me via email , and if I have any problems , I can always reach out

Great credit union very understanding and reliable very good customer service and great products would recommend to everyone who is eligible to work with them

Almost instant online approval. You can choose what branch to pick up the check. When I arrived I picked up the check with no problem. Navy makes it very easy to pay online or to make automatic payments through your Navy accounts. I don't think I've ever use another vendor for an auto loan.

FICO 9 740 TransUnion 689 Equifax 691 Experian 712  Under a year history  No colllections just paid off  Just approved for a $1,000 not high but great start to having back my first card without secured.  Thank you Navy Federal!!!! Restored my faith in getting back on my feet after losing my son to military injuries.

Randomly pulled my credit report several times and jacked my loan application up. Called to have them remove all the additional hard inquiries on my credit report and correct their mistakes on my loan application. They said "due to covid" it would take a week or so for the back office to get the additional hard inquiries removed from my credit report... WHICH caused my loan rate to climb as all those hard inquiries lowered my credit score!! The customer service reps are CLUELESS. They should invest for into education/training for their reps. This is RIDICULOUS.

Easy to obtain, great rate. Couldn’t be happier. GMC had me at 4.9% which was ridiculous.  All it took was one phone call to lower my rate by over 1/2

NFCU is the best. They are great people to work with. Excellent customer service. Very helpful on the phone. I have nothing but good things to say about Navy Federal.

I absolutely LOVE dealing with Navy! Great customer service, they can be reached quite easily which is especially helpful when you are a frequent traveller like myself.

I’ve been a NFCU member for 4 years. Absolutely the best bank I have ever dealt with. They have great rates, generous rewards and they truly do care about their members. My credit cards and auto loan is also NFCU

I had an auto loan with Santander which was the worst mistake of my life!!! Refinanced a month ago still Santander hasn't sent the title nor returned the overpayment amount . They truly suck!!   I refinanced through NFCU. My interest rate decreased from 24% to just under 5%. Thank you NFCU.!! Truly the best!!! I couldn't be happier ?

Great account for building your credit score. Low interest rate makes it manageable to pay and not have to worry about an High interest rate.

Navy Federal Credit Union cashRewards Credit Card is outstanding! I use it regularly for all my needs, all while earning 1.5% cashback with every purchase!

Great bank to have, great customer service and great card to have to boost credit for those would need to improve your credit scores

I did not have a good experience with NAVY FCU as they insisted on charging me interest during a global pandemic. My business closed because of the lockdowns and they still had to charge me 5% interest even though this was not my fault. Vile.

I love Navy Federal credit Union! It's one of the best! I am so glad that I joined this Credit union as I'm a retired federal government employee! The best customer service ever! I love the branch in Merrifield,  Va. ! Wonderful and pleasant workers!!!

Excellent bank to have! Very reliable and client friendly! If you have an opportunity to join this credit union, I definitely recommend doing so!

The best credit union for a fellow veteran.  They offered me a Visa Reward Credit card with a $500 limit with a 690 credit score where USAA denied me.

Great card for beginners just starting to use CCs. It has 1.5% cash back on all purchases and is widely accepted. This card has been with me for 3 years and is my absolute backup to other CCs if they're not accepted!

I am absolutely honored and happy with my Navy Federal Credit Union Credit Card! Bank. I look forward to continued use for Thanksgiving Christmas and New Years 2021..

My fiancé and I are first time homebuyers and they made the experience complete hell. Our loan advisor Danielle would send us emails without the correct documents to sign so we have to search for them ourselves and it turns out they weren’t “adequate” enough. She would also leave us no callback number take four-five days to respond to an email when she knew we only have a month and a half to close. She goes out of the office for a week somebody else takes on our loan, they both failed to tell us that it Has to be done by November 23 and They let us know the DAY before when they had a month and a half to let us know that information. So now our closing date is pushed back a week or more and has affected three different homes having to pay out of pocket not meeting the deadline because we weren’t ever told the right information. Especially with it being our first time buying a home I feel like we have been dealt a very crappy hand and left in the dark to figure it out ourselves. If we weren’t so far into this loan I would definitely choose a different bank. There’s no urgency to get anything done if that.

Great card for balance transfers and low rates.   Will keep this card in my inventory to help pay down mortgage.  The best of its kind

I wish there was an option for zero stars! This is the most poorly operated bank that I have ever dealt with. A friend of mine encouraged me to join and open accounts here, and even they are appalled at what I have gone through.   I opened the accounts yesterday morning (Thurs), and deposited 15.00 via card. I was able to set up my online banking and had no issues. Later, I tried to download the app to my phone, and couldn't get it to set up. I logged back in, and found that my online access was also blocked. I opened the chat o determine if it was a tech issue or me doing something wrong. I was told that my account was suspended by security. I called in, and was told that I had to wait on them up to possibly an hour. I requested then to close my account and was told no. I had to talk to security. I finally got security and they told me it was an identification verification issue. I asked why I was just locked out and not notified...they replied, :"it should have sent you an email." It didn't. With no concern on the associates part whatsoever, I knew this was going nowhere. I also knew that I no longer wanted any business relationship with them at all. I requested that they close the account and refund my money. I was told that he doesn't do that and that he would transfer me...great, more time on the phone He transferred me and i was at advanced services. I told her to close my account and was quickly told that it couldn't happen. Apparently, you can't close the account the same day you open it. So I asked that a notation be made to close it immediately upon being able to. She told me that wasn't possible. Basically, the only way to do it was to call back...and go through everything again. I would have to talk to customer service...be transferred to security, have them unlock it again for the purpose of closing it, be sent to advanced account services, and maybe then would get it resolved. No thanks...I'll just go to a branch and let some poor manager there catch the frustration that has been created by your bureaucracy at the higher levels. Amazingly enough, my friend had no issue when he closed out his four accounts and two credit cards this morning...and neither did his brother with his three accounts. Maybe if enough accounts get closed...customer service will have more time to work on their professional relationship skills.   As for forgive and forget...Navy Fed, I forgive you for being grossly incompetent and  ignorant to customer satisfaction....and I have no problem forgetting that I ever thought about establishing a relationship with you. However...I will make sure to remember it when  encouraging  anyone to go elsewhere.

Best bank ever, the amount of help I've received during these tough times has been amazing, I will be a member for life no questions asked.</p>

Best bank I've ever been apart of, let me move my payments back during covid and their customer service is the best there is. I'll be a member for life.</p>

Amazing card, amazing credit union. They are the best CC company out here. Navy Federal allowed me to get a card and an auto Loan with fair credit

Navy federal has the best customer service hands down! They are available 24/7 which is awesome being that I don’t have a local branch!!

Great Credit Union highly recommend to anyone that would be eligible. Never had any problems with them Excellent Customer Service.

Easy approval for the card. There was a small delay when the deposit from an outside account was somehow deleted ( I think it had something to do with a California branch). Otherwise everything else was fine.

Navy Federal happens to be the best bank on this plant. I am so blessed a bank that doesn't F you around and the benefits amazing. If you're not banking with NFCU please note you are not that bright.

Great rates on loans, checking account interest, and savings account interest.  Low interest rates on auto loans.  24 hour customer service.

Great place to have an account, Federal Credit Union is the best! Opened several accounts. I believe they are the opened for the people.</p>

This loan was easy to apply for and was all around a positive experience. I have used NFCU for other loans and products and they are always a delight. Good customer service.

NFCU is the most responsive creditor that I have. Their lending programs are very competitive. It was a genuine great surprise how effortless my last loan approval was approved - Contactless.

I love my NF. I've been with them for the better part of 3 years. They have the best customer service and they are knowledgeable about your account! The only way you can mess this account up is if you dont make your payments on time!

Great to help build credit, highly recommend for any with bad credit to consider this option. As navy federal also is a great credit Union

Navy Fed is Awesome!  They truely care about their customers and go above and beyond to help is this already bad economy! Thank you for helping me stay in good standing!!

Great credit card for beginners who needed to improve credit profile or over all score doesn’t offer higher limit or perks other than points

Have been a member of NFCU for over 45 years and am divorcing myself and family members from ever doing any type of business with NFCU again. Am in my 4th career, retired senior Navy officer, net worth in the millions, high income earner, DOD professional services business owner for over 10 years, verified W2 salaried high compensation for those 10 years, debt free, just shy of a million dollars cash in checking accounts, high 401K values, two additional GOV pensions, lifetime annuity... you get the picture.  Perfect credit 850/850.  Apparently NFCU's "expert appraisal reviewers" approved a VA appraisal that is about 30-40% low (per the real estate team that is generations on this lake, is full of errors, 50% off on the livable area, missing a couple hundred thousand dollars of infrastructure, completely inconsistent with the lake home market, and DENIED the mortgage loan application as a result (even though I told the NFCU loan team I would pay any amount of down payment needed). This was on day 28 of a 30-day escrow; on day 29 of that 30-day escrow, I received a phone from an NFCU real estate division "expediter" telling me that because I am the CEO/business owner, I am too much of a risk per NFCU underwriting perspectives (I will not publish his name but should shame him and the whole group involved).  So what did I do? The only option to close was to wire just short of $900,000 to the closing attorney as a CASH close.  Remember "NFCU underwriting determined I was too a high a risk to repay the loan."  Now, let all this sink in for a minute before you acknowledge the idiocy of this, particularly the NFCU Real Estate Division team's recalcitrance in acknowledging how enormously dysfunctional this is.  In two days, I will close all NFCU accounts, cancel all credit cards, and forget this institution has ever existed, and I will walk into a local credit union that services local lake home residents, and close on mortgage loan in less than 10 days maximum.  Go elsewhere for your mortgage or lender credit needs, even if the rate offered is competitive.

Navy Federal is a great bank to build a relationship with. They are very understanding of their clients needs and are willing to help out anyway possible.

Navy Federal is a wonderful lender with great rate and credit building opportunities.  I plan to be a loyal customer to the bank.  They have help me rebuild my credit in a short amount of time.

Incredible company gave me a low apr . Customer service is impeccable. Biweekly updates on my accounts ... even though on my  credit apps it shows a balance but it’s paid off . Zero balance . I hope this reflected so my score can go up and I get more credit

Thanks for even allowing me the opportunity to receive this loan. It has helped me get through so much. By being able to buy a car to get back and forth to work was amazing. I couldn’t have asked for anything better. Thanks again navy federal. You guys are the best</p>

Navy Federal usually has lower interest rates than any other companies I’ve dealt with, & they’re easier to work with. I would highly recommend them over any bank/credit card company!

Very friendly staff, Mobil application is very easy to use and their credit cards offer cash back! I applied for credit and got my card quickly!

Very friendly staff, Mobil application is very easy to use and their credit cards offer cash back! I applied for credit and got my card quickly!

Navy is a great institution for doing business from a car loan to a checking or saving account.  They have locations in many states.

I applied and was approved for the Secured Card 04/24 with an initial deposit 1,000. I eventually increased the CL with an additional 1k, making my CL 2K. I was advised by 10/24 the account will auto review and if qualified the account will be converted to a regular credit card, worse case, only the security deposit will be returned. Well 6 months later, nothing has changed for me. I used the credit card to pay ALL my bills; rent, light bill, cable, cellular, groceries, gas and any subscriptions. I also pay the balance down completely when the bill is due. Within the last 6 months, I spent at least 30k using this card. I am extremely confused how this did not make me desirable... My credit increased by almost 100 pts, I was able to buy a new Honda Accord as well. So I am disappointed and confused with this credit card. I am thinking Capital One is better!

This card is great and the promotional intro apr of 1.99% beats out any other card I've had so far. The approval limit on this card was 12x higher than on my Cash Rewards card.

I’ve been a member of NFCU for 3 years and have no complaints. Since joining NFCU, they have issued me two credit cards with $13.5K and $20k, and have offered vehicle refinancing and access to high lines of credit without even requesting. I also have checking, savings and 401K accounts with no deposit or withdrawal issues. Credit card purchase disputes have been handled quickly and all customer service involved concerns are handled professionally and expediciously. If you want excellent customer service and a great line of banking products, become a member and find out how banking should be.

This card is 0% APR for the first 6 months and you get $150 cash back after spending $2,000 within first 90 days. I wasn’t expecting to get approved at all when I applied cause I’d been denied 2 times prior. At time of approval, TU 611 EQ 628. I had one collection, 19k in student loans, and multiple late payments for my car loan (fell on hard times); however, my dad made me an authorized user for 28k limit card with excellent pay history a few months ago... maybe that helped. Anyway, I got approved for $7,300. I was soooooo surprised! I hope others have the same success. Good luck everyone!

Navy Federal is the oldest credit union in the country!  You need to be in the military or have family in the military.  You cannot beat the interest rates on this card. Wherever you are in your credit journey Navy Federal can accommodate you.

NFCU secured credit card is definitely a tool to help improve credit. I’ve had the card for two months and my credit score has already increased by 20 pts!

Been with Navy Federal for a few years now. They are not in the business of giving chances to their customers unless they have perfect credit score ratings. Despite my perfect 2 year history with my current car loan company they still denied me a loan. I would definitely consider this when shopping for credit unions. Be sure the bank of your choice would be there for you if you needed them.

NFCU gives you a chance to rebuild your credit.  So far so good. I look forward to a long relationship with this bank and opening several other accounts

Navy Federal will never let you down for a loan when others wont and they have some of the best % rates with extended terms for difficult situations

THE BEST CARD YOU COULD HAVE, INTEREST RATE ARE GOOD, I WOULD RECOMMEND NCUC TO MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS. GOOD TO MAKE MY LAST PAYMENT AND MY BALANCE WILL BE ZERO YAY.....

Customer Service is THE ABSOLUTE WORST! We applied for a mortgage as we bank with them and let me tell you they have made our home buying experience a complete HELL! They do not answer questions, respond to emails or calls, don't respond to our agents! Our relator is absolutely frustrated with them and has noted they are the worst he has ever worked with! Appraisal took 3 weeks just to schedule becasue they dropped the ball, once loan was approved and moved to underwriting they still havent updated the closing date with the insurance to escrow properly we are 2 days away from closing and no one will call or email us back! We WILL NEVER use this company again and will be transferring  our loan asap!

Never had any problems with Navy Federal Credit Union. This was my first secured card and my main reason to go with it was to build my credit history.

Great credit card for emergencies such as car repairs or quick purchase when cash is not readily available. Huh</p>

Really love their customer service they are the best at answering any questions I have, all the around Navy Federal is the Best bank for me and my family.. they have the best rates and they really care about their Customers

Hello, I had read reviews about this card and maybe this is something new that NFCU is doing because never seen this in any of the reviews. Hope this helps. I got this card with $200 deposit end of July 2020, I only use it for gas and as soon as the charges post I paid them. Today October 16, 2020 I received a letter that my credit limit was increased without adding any additional money to $500. The later also explained that my security deposit will not be returned until I reach 6 months and with another account review. Also, the letter states that I can't request any other CLI. In all the reviews I have read never seen that but I'll take it. Very happy that in only 3 months I got my first CLI.

Do NOT Trust NFCU. I have been an NFCU customer for more than 25 years, have a spotless record. (My FICO score is 847).  During a recent mortgage application their customer service could not have been worse. NEVER did their loan officer respond to any of my VM questions or e-mails; No answers on costs -- I finally withdrew my application in frustration. I did not use disrespectful language when I asked to talk to a manager. Nonetheless, they refused to discuss their unprofessional actions. Their response to my concerns was to send a Derogatory and untrue letter to credit agencies. It makes no sense to me. My advice: DO NOT trust NFCU.

My account was compromised for 2,097.19 and I reported it to Navy Federal and they denied my claim. I sent in supporting documents to show that I wasn't in those places.

Just applied for this card at 12:30 am on 10/15/20... application took a 1 min or 2.. it took me around 10 minutes because I was scared to hit submit.... ( Fear of the unknown). The only reason I applied for this card is to raise my income to debt ratio.. I'm so glad I applied for this card, as I have heard only great reviews about Navy Federal in their services.. I've been a member since 2002, the year I enlisted.. I got approved for $25,000.. I have never seen this much money ever!! . Now I know it's real.. JESUS CHRIST.... I'M IN AWE.. CAN'T EVEN SLEEP.. ?️THANK YOU NAVY FEDERAL, I'M A LIFE MEMBER ?</p>

I was not happy with my transaction with NFCU.  There customer service people do not follow through with what they tell you.  Don't waste your time with NFCU.

The amount of time you have to wait for refunds to process is endless, for instance usaa takes a day or two, navy federal a week or more and if its a weekend forget about it! I had a 815 credit score and they gave me a 7000 credit limit on my credit card, I had a 20,000 at usaa

Navy Credit Union is one of the best banks to bank with. If you looking for a bank home this is your best bet. They care about you

Navy Federal is great on loans and very helpful. I go them for most anything I need. All of my banking is done through them as well.

How navy federal credit union lacks the personal touch our service members deserve.   My wife and I applied for a home loan. We have great credit ratings and cash savings . 2 car loans at low or no interest and one is with navy fed. We also have no credit card debt. I have some collection accounts because of the   Billing practices of my medical provider. Navy fed took a few days to deny our loan and the loan officer never contacted us to discuss the discrepancies. After the denial I contacted the loan officer without any response. The lack of personal contact is disturbing to me on so many levels. I’m just wondering if navy fed is just too big for a personal relationship?

Very helpful. Love Love Love NFCU.</p>

Been a member for over a year. Can not get into my account on mobile. Never have been able to get in. A totat ripoff. Guess I'll just have to write off my money as a loss, due to my stupidity in trusting an arm of corrupt government.

best finance bank ever has best rates on the market even banking experience is wonderful there's a lot of perks when banking with them

Navy Federal secured N REWARDS card is an excellent starter card for rebuilding credit. No annual fees. I use it to get gas and pay it down to a $5 balance before the statement date to keep utilization low and then I pay it completely off by the due date. They have now upgraded my $200 secured care to unsecured CashRewards card with a $2,000 limit.

I use this card for points. Yes the limit amount is 250 but last month I used well over 450 that I charged to my card. Its funny but Navy Federal never shows the credit that I have on my card let's see Sept over 200 in credit 62 in credit now but they say I have a balance of 300.00 just don't understand how they report. I was told once a month but I see once a week. Just don't care for how I have been treated is all.

This bank is amazing I love the services and opportunity to grow financially. This is my fist credit card and I’m feeling better as a man and father knowing I can provide better for my family

I recant my recent statement I made praising their service back to me. I feel both me and my wife have better than average credit and a fairly descent debt to income load; and might I ad have never skipped a beat on a single car/house payment in our last 31 years of marriage. Yet.....when I decided to put in for a small $5k loan the other day, for a golf cart,they denied us!!! Unbelievable, never mind, had plenty in savings and checking to pay for it , just thought I would see what tbey would say. Thanks for the extended service back. I’ve always paid you every dime on a loan and never missed a beat. Don’t worry I won’t ever ask again!!

Allowing to miss payments if you pay more than minimum....low interest rate.....high credit limit.</p>

Navy federal is a great bank that works with you on everything they help you out to be a better saver of your money it’s a learning process

Pros: good bank, credit limit increase from 200 to 2k after 6Months.  Cons: Not a lot of banks around US, needs second bank for emergencys.

I will never get rid of this line of credit. I absolutely love this and I think every responsible person should have this as a back up.

Great card. Lots of rewards if using the card and the rewards can be used towards your bill. Low intrest rates and the bank is always very nice to work with.

I like the card and I think that it is a really great card to have for daily expenses, such as gas, groceries, personal items, and travel.

Excellent loan, GREAT Interest rate and extremely flexible terms. This secured loan allows you to prepay payments. It also releases each payment you make from your security deposit back to you within 72 hours.

I appreciate my bank! Navy Federal Credit Union came through when I really needed the financial support! Me and my family are very happy!

Navy Federal do not value customer anymore.  Work ethics and customer service is BAD.  We initiated a mortgage re-finance application in mid-March 2020 with Navy Federal Credit Union. We have been with Navy Federal for over 15 years.  We were responsive in providing documents that were required to process the loan on time. The loan officer assigned were out of Pensacola, FL,  M. Gray, supervisor T. Panepinto.  Ms. Gray did not respond to questions or status updates about our mortgage refinance timely and basically was delaying the processing of our loan.  Every couple of months she may ask for additional documentation.  Our initial rate we locked into was 2.375%.  The last contact was September 15, 2020 when she requested additional information again.  We provided it the next day.  Also, on September 16, 2020, I sent her an email stating we wanted to utilized out one time FREEDOM LOCK changed when I saw that the rate had dropped to 2%.  Of course, I got no response but this has been the norm.  So when that happens I call the call center so my request is documented.  I called the call center on Wednesday, September 30, 2020 for an update only to discover after waiting 7 MONTHS FOR THIS LOAN TO BE FINALIZED NOW THEY ARE SAYING I CALLED THE CALL CENTER SAYING I WANTED TO CANCEL THE REFINANCE.  THIS IS NOT TRUE AND THEY COULD NOT PROVIDE ME WITH ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.  SO THE CALL CENTER CONNECTED ME WITH T. PANEPINTO, MS. GRAY SUPERVISOR, AND HE SAID HE DIDNT KNOW IF ANYTHING COULD BE DONE SINCE THE LOAN WAS PULLED BACK BUT HE WOULD LOOK INTO IT.  MR. P CALLED TODAY AND SAID NOTHING COULD BE DONE AND WE WOULD HAVE TO START THE ENTIRE PROCESS OVER AGAIN. REALLY???  THIS IS CRAZY!!!!

This the card to have right here. Nice limit. I get points for things I buy. Bad thing is not everywhere accept this card for some reason.

I started a refinance with Navy Federal in February 2020. They were going to give me a great rate. I've had all my mortgages and home equity loans with Navy Federal since 2002.   I don't know what's going on now but they are doing a terrible job. They could never commit to a closing date. My broker kept saying soon. Well I waited until August (6 months!) and I get a message from the broker saying they can't move forward with my refinance since I was wanting to roll a fixed equity loan together with the original mortgage. Both loans were with Navy Federal! They knew about the 2nd loan in February. They also required an in person appraisal even though we had more than 50% equity. The appraisal was for $30,000 less than comparable sales in the neighborhood.  I would give Navy Federal 0 stars on their mortgage lending right now.

Navy federal is one of the best credit unions anyone can get in And I enjoyed this card and if anyone can get in to Navy Federal I advise you to do so immediately

Fast, accurate, rewards are instant and available to use as your wish. Great customer service so far and the added security of rental collision, extended warranty coverage, and cell phone reimbursement are great add one. Plus you can choose this card as Visa or MasterCard.

Amazing web site, easy to conduct online business. Excellent Apr for excellent credit, friendly customer service. Be treated with respect.

This is my best card and bank to date I would recommend to anyone who can obtain an account and credit through navy federal especially if you are just starting out or need to rebuild your credit history.

I love my Navy Federal Credit Card. I was shocked when they approved me due to my less than stellar credit. This is a great card to have and the interest rate doesn’t go above 18% which is great compared to my Capitol One’s APR.

NFCU closed my account after 4 years of on-time payments.  Upon review of my FICO score, they closed my account.  My history of on-time payments and length of time I'd been with NFCU wasn't even a factor.  I've concluded from this experience, that customers truly are just a FICO score!    I was also enrolled in payment protection from day one.  I would not recommend.

They'll never follow up with you unless YOU reach out to them. You'll never know the status or progress of your mortgage UNLESS you email every single person working on your mortgage, because chances are only 1 out of 3 of them will even respond.

Great credit card from the best credit unions ever.gotten this card for three months now and I have no regret. Use it for almost everything but for travel related stuffs as I’ve got the navy federal flagship card which is for travel and travel related status

Awesome Bank. As a veteran my family and I are very well taken care of at Navy Federal Credit Union, and will never bank elsewhere again

Very disappointed! My debit cards gets hacked for over a year. I finally resolve the problem with new technology and virus/malware protection. NFCU shuts off my debit card access for a one year period. Shouldn't NFCU go catch the hacker who destroyed my credit and my account??!! Why does NFCU punish the customer? I though they supported the military members? Just baffling.

NFCU has been great to my wife and I. They will work with you and have provided us with a loan and credit cards. Pay your bills on time.

In my search for a home, I was perplexed why the feedback from many agents in the community were if I would consider using another Lender other than Navy Federal. I was adamant that is who I wanted to utilize despite the horror stories shared with agents regarding their mortgage department. (I.E; never response, never close on time, difficult to work with). I finally found a home that checked all the boxes of what I needed on 8/21/20. I applied for a loan with Navy Federal submitted what I needed and was approved. I was told by my loan officer Diana Sutton on or around 9/4/20 that my loan would be moving up to loan processing and to direct my questions to them moving forward. After a few phone tags between me and my assigned loan processor for a few days, I called Navy federal on 9/14/20 to inquire about a matter and asked if someone in processing could get back to me. I was called by the supervisor over processing Stephanie Owens. I relayed that there was an issue with the wiring being outdated and I wanted to ensure this would not affect my ability to obtain the loan. The wiring of the home was noted to half of the house had grounded wiring and the other half was not grounded. The wiring on the non-grounded side had the original wiring which was over 60+ years old). She relayed to me that my loan may not be able to be underwritten if the wiring in the home (that was discovered to be non-grounded) if there is proof to show that the wiring was completed. Attempts were made to negotiate that with the seller who finally came around to paying for the upgrades but would not complete the work until after closing. I attempted to call my processor back to relay that the repairs could be done but not until after closing. Unfortunately, my processor resides in Pensacola and they were hit with Hurricane Sally. I attempted her phone number thinking I was calling her and called her supervisor Ms. Owens in error on 9/16/20. She conveyed that she and her team were working remote due to COVID-19 but they were hit by Sally and that my processor had no power. I explained to her what the status of the negotiations were, and she again stated that I would not be able to close without showing proof that the repairs were completed. I attempted to negotiate with the sellers, who refused stating the repairs could be completed after closing. After meeting a gridlock on the matter, I was forced to withdraw my offer thinking the loan will not be approved or underwritten based on my discussion with Ms. Owens without showing that the wiring is complete. The seller’s agent refused to submit my release agreement to the sellers alleging that the loan officer Ms. Sutton relayed no contingency was on the loan. The agent then went on to accuse me of breach of contract. I reached out to my assigned processor an explained what was told to me and then to the agent. She attempted to research the matter further. On 9/17/20 I receive a text from an unknown number stating , “we are trying to get everything squared away and I reached out to Stephanie and she is going to send out a mass email advising everyone what happened and where the ball was dropped because apparently there was a miss communication along the lines from multiple parties that we need to get squared away”. Confused by the text and the unknown number I asked who the party is and I am told it is my loan officer Diana Sutton. Is that what we are doing? When is that appropriate to text a client saying that via text rather than calling or emailing them? When I spoke back with Ms. Owens on 9/18/20 she now was back pedaling on what she told me on the two occasions I spoke with her, now saying that it was up to underwriting to make the determination. Now I record all my calls should matters of miscommunications come up, but then so does Navy Federal don’t they? I emailed corporate telling them how this deal has been jeopardized from the miscommunications from their department and requested someone contacts me. They send me an email asking if I would like to proceed with my loan, cancel it or file a complaint. What do you think? When does it warrant you calling and asking how can we make this better? Later that evening I discover the seller’s agent relisted the house. On 9/19/20 I contact Navy federal to find out what happen to the follow up on my calls about my complaint, they inform me they note my complaint was closed. What? How is it closed if no one ever followed up with me on what's going on? As I reviewed an email thread forwarded to me from my attorney, Navy federal supervisor LLiyana Dimitrova , who supervises the loan officers is discussing the status of my loan with parties attached via email that should not be included in the conversation regarding my information ,breaching my confidentiality. So I am threatened with breach of contract, lost the home because it is relisted and Navy Federal has yet to address my complaint to date but has it in their files he complaint is closed never telling me what the status is will the loan be approved or not? Then I have another supervisor discussing details of my account with a party that is not involved on this matter breaching confidentiality of my information. You decide if you want to use them for your loan. I see why the perception in the community by agents is they is prefer to not work with Navy federal mortgage. Well this experience has solidified for me to NEVER utilize them as well and I never will

Navy Federal is a great institution and has helped me ever since I joined them. They kept my rates down and have a financial advisor should I you desire one.

NFCU is wonderful to do business with.  Their rates are lower than a majority of banks and the benefits offered on their credit cards are the same or similar.  Plus, as far as I know or can tell, their customer service reps are located in the US.  Additionally, although it’s been years  since I’ve had credit issues, I did really mess up in college and they were one of the few places that worked with me to help me pay off my credit card with  them and do the least damage to my credit while making payments I could afford and actually working towards paying off the balance.  They were then the only ones who extended any sort of credit to me afterwards that didn’t come with an obscene interest rate because of my poor credit.  I’ve now been a member over 30 years, had multiple loans through them, have my checking, savings and a credit card with them.  I highly recommend them and tell people to never close their accounts if they have one.

Love this Credit Union.They saved my life. This is a great thing for dummies  like me to get their lives back on track. Thank God .

I love my card. I use it for everything! It’s simple, the design is pretty, it’s got the new features such as chip and tap to pay, it’s great!

Navy Federal was absolutely terrible. Worst experience I have ever had with a bank. After my loan went through the adjuster I was told it went to a processor next and he would contact me at the start of the following week. It took three weeks for the loan processor to contact me.  That was after I sent him emails, called and left messages. I even had other employees sending him correspondences. His supervisors were contacted and did nothing about it. The loan adjuster got involved and tried to help. After he did contact me he failed to explain what my closing costs were going to be. He would only call back after I left several messages and emailed him saying I called. Our closing date got switched three different times which meant I had to change my home and flood insurance three different times.  I ended up finding a different bank. Within three weeks of using the new bank we have everything settled and ready to move forward with a closing date. I will never use Navy Federal for any banking again. When I tried to file a complaint supervisors didn't make themselves available. I left voicemails for them to call me back and never received a call back. I asked to speak with someone who was above the supervisor and was told they don't have member contact and if I wanted to file a complaint they offer a survey after the loan is completed. So you cannot really complain any higher than the first line supervisors unless you finish your loan and then you take a survey. You don't even get to talk to a real person. I have heard of people who had wonderful experiences with them. I didn't have that. I hope that if you are reading this you don't get the same loan processor as I did. Good luck happy hunting.

Best card I have, as I save more every time I use it for basics.  Has the lowest apr of any card I use, and I get to spend rewards points on other things I like

Love this card. Can’t wait to take free trips with all the points. This is my first AMEX card and won’t be my last. Navy Federal is the best.

Great services and awesome customer service.  We love banking with Navy Federal and have suggested them to our family and friends.

Navy Federal Credit Union is the most customer friendly service they know how to take care of their members when the covid19 hit they were there

I absolutely love this card. Points are earned on every purchase, even if paid before the cycle closes. Navy Federal has a customer for life.

Excellent credit union! Willing to give opportunities that other banks won’t and also help rebuild credit history. I love Navy Federal!!

Great rates  and services, some reps need better employee training to deal with customers that's all. I admire the home loans interest rates and the cars, some of the best and lowest rates you ll find on the market.

I personally love being with this credit union.My credit has improved and the customer service team is very nice they are very patient  and understanding

Got the secured nRewards a year and a half ago when I first started rebuilding credit after being extremely careless with anything credit related. I always paid more than the minimum and every 3 months I would pay it off completely. Before the 18 month mark I paid off the entire balance, and was refunded the secured deposit and was given a $2000 credit limit up from $200 when it was secured. If you can get an NFCU account, it's worth it! They always treat their customers well.

Professional knowledgeable and courteous.  Very rare traits that are wonderful to find. There is no wonder why this institution is the world's largest credit Union.

Professional knowledgeable and courteous.  Very rare traits that are wonderful to find. There is no wonder why this institution is the world's largest credit Union.

i am very satisfied with NFCU. They always are prompt and answer all my inquiries. They are the best banking institutions I have had.

Everyone at Navy Federal goes above and beyond. Their customer service is great and always with a smile. I highly recommend Navy Federal

NFCU is now my go to for anything!  They have come through for me several times now.  I was going to leave a longer review, but Wallethub is flaking out on me.

The best bank EVER! They are always willing to work with you and by far the best customer service i have ever experienced with a bank!

I love Navy Federal Credit Union. Great bank and amazing customer service. The process was quick and easy. Took about 10 minutes to complete.

Been helping my credit 2 to 4 points a month pairing this with my secured credit card is making a positive impact on my credit report.

Very good card for if you are in need of rebuilding your credit . Manage with low usage and you will see point increases quite often</p>

I called to verify they had a notary and was told yes. So i showed up to the Pearl Harbor NFCU to be told no. What is going on? Maybe tell people correctly so i dont waste my time

So happy I continued to monitor my credit! I have a friend helping me as well. This app really makes it easy to catch things while they are fresh ...I like that

Navy Federal Credit Union is awesome! Got approved for a Go Rewards card with a 560 credit score with a credit limit of $3400. I had been working on my credit and it feels so good to finally get approved fo a UNSECURED credit card! Will definitely take good care not to mess this up!

Great bank’s systems great contacts love the system I am looking to get a new Car and Truck from this credit Union once I get to the 800 score makes in December

Navy Federal has been amazing to work with. Low rates, Great customer service and fair treatment. Count ask for more than that. Thank you NFCU!

Have been trying to refinance since April. I finally was going to close this week and received a higher interest rate after a second pull of credit dropped my credit score. Was not informed of this. Found out when I was getting ready to sign closing documents which I did not sign. Worst experience I have ever had. Been with NFCU since 2001, but would not recommend anyone to go through this horrific experience.

Love my bank. Great way to help build my credit without them my account would still be at a standstill and I wouldn’t be building credit.</p>

HORRIBLE!!! Find another credit union. I was denied an account even with a referral code from my mom. Didn’t give explanation just denied. It took them 6 months to deny me. Sent in another appeal still denied. How & why, no explanation besides discrepancies apparently. But HOW, everything matches up. Bad business, someone not doing their job. 0 stars if I could. Yes Upsetting but hey you get 1 star from me.</p>

Navy Federal Credit Union was the perfect place for me to join, I been a member since 2003. Their service is outstanding! I truly recommend if anyone needs a great credit union!

Best financial company ever. They gave me a cc with a low credit score then ever 6 months or so they increase my limit and my credit score continue to improve.

NFCU has been great to work with.  I started out with their $250 secured rewards cards . After 9 mos graduated to unsecured $2k and 4 months later I asked for an increase and now it’s $2,500..  When they graduate you, you keep the same cc numbers so you keep your credit age going unlike with other secured cards.

A+

This is the best financial institution that I've ever dealt with. They always find ways to meet your needs if possible. This is a great start up card,Thank GOD for Navy Federal.

This is one of the greatest way to rebuild and establish your credit.  Navy federal is the best financial institution that I've ever dealt with in my entire life. They really do all they can to help you.

Great credit card to have. Super customer service! This is the way to go if you want a credit card. You will not regret it. Take advantage of the NFCU NOW!

Great credit union for members and family members. Excellent services and great options. I would recommend this credit union to anyone who may qualify for a membership

All of my banking is with NFCU, and even encouraged my children and parents who have also switched from BOA, Wells Fargo, etc to exclusively with NFCU. Best Overall EVERYTHING. EXCEPT Mortgage/Refinance Department. Mainly my assigned LOAN Officer. SHE WAS AN UTMOST DISASTER !!! TOTALLY CLUELESS IN FACT ?? SHE EVEN costed me a additional hard pull credit Inquiry (2). Because she let critical dates lapse, and expire. AGAIN, NFCU has the best rates. GREAT Interest rates, HIGH on Savings, Money Market. ( A good thing. ) Low on credit card, loans, CLOC, Mortgage/Refinance rates, ( I did a ARM 5/5 2.25% ) If your carrying a balance. ( Another GooD thing. ) But be prepared to question if you get staff like me assigned, to answer your questions, from simple to detailed answers from them, only be blown off with inaccurate and DELAYED RESPONSES. And you can only get a hold of her via emailing which she didn't respond timely EVER !!! I had to get her SUPERVISOR, AND HER NEW SUPERVISOR involved basically throughout the whole transaction !!! Which should have ONLY taken 90+ days !!! Her CONSTANT goof ups, and delays, ended up dragging it out from applying to closing to 8+ MONTHS !!! CLEARLY WASN'T MY ERRORS, OR MY NEAR PERFECT 800 FICO CREDIT. THE SUPERVISOR attempted to REMEDY some of HER documented ERRORS, AND my VOICED DISSATISFACTION, by refunding entirely my home appraisal fees, AND the additional fee for the 2nd newer credit report !! That was at a minimum I would accept. But again, I would recommend EVERYTHING NFCU, ( Totally beating out USAA rates ) just be prepared to question ALL the final numbers before CLOSING to get them PERFECT the 1st time before the time, date crunches expire. OVERALL GO Navy Federal Credit Union !!!

I got this rad for the cash back options, not bad on the apr and no annual fees. I like PenFed credit union. I will try to increase credit limit before I use this card

Navy federal credit union is the best place for loans Thank You Navy Fedloan for being there when I needed . I already knew it was the best credit union. My family told me years ago.

Helpful staff that walked me through every step and explained everything that I needed to do! Definitely recommend! Great rates too!

Amazing card. They have great cs and I’d recommend anyone to this credit union. When you get them, keep them. This is not a CU you want to mess up with.

I love my Navy Federal Rewards Credit Card it has helped me fix my credit score! The customer service is excellent; they are friendly, polite and always helpful. They really take their time to make sure you are well taken care of and even go the extra mile so that you don’t have to constantly repeat yourself if they have to transfer you to another department. The best part is that they are available 24/7.

Greatest Credit Union ever! They care about their customers and will you in anyway possible. If you have served your country, NFCU is the credit union for you!!

Very low interest rate with a fairly big credit line. Of course I always paid on time and in most cases paid off balance within a month, so I hardly paid any interest.

NFCU Credit Card has been a pleasure. I opened a secured card first, then quickly was afforded the opportunity for a real credit card.

This is an awesome card with a combination of very low interest (10.65%), good rewards (1.5%) and a very generous credit limit of $15,000. Navy Federal mobile app is easy to use and I can monitor all of my credit card activities as well as pay the card and redeem rewards as often as I like. Navy Federal Signature Visa is by far the best credit card that I have.

I love my CLOC, more beneficial than the traditional overdraft protection. You are able to build credit when those unexpected occurrences arise.

I learned a lot about credit and using credit now I'm maintenaning my credit for a house I want to in my future it's Time to shape up my credit because credit is needed to be in this world thanks for the advice WALLET HUB

Great card from a great credit unions. I have not had a single issue with Navy Federal credit union and plan to be a life long member.

Hey y’all know y’all got some work done today and I got to go get back to the work and I’ll get it back in a bit I don’t want you guys to come to

Navy federal is a wonderful bank that love to help their community. I can transfer and recieve funds to and from family with judt their email address.

Awesome loan process experience I'm new at this credit stuff. Glad they took a chance on me being so young!! I make payments on time & extra principal payments. Love NFCU

Let me start by saying we have not completed our mortgage purchase yet, we have been in the process for 36 days. As of now, Navy Fed gets three stars, if we keep the same course they will get one. Customer service is horrible let us get that out there now, the only person who can give you any info on the status of your loan is “YOUR” loan officer no other certified loan agent can answer anything you ask. And good luck getting ahold of your agent or their supervisor!!!!!!!!  They say all their mortgages are done VIA internet, but we called and spoke with an agent to do an application over the phone (this is where they get the three stars).  There was all kinds of info given to us over the phone (buyer’s points, floating interest rates, buy down rates, etc…) that was not available on the internet application. Now to finding a house and putting in an offer. The pre-approval letter comes fast and works great, make an offer and let your loan officer know (if they answer the phone or your emails). Now to make full application, get an inspection done and order the appraisal. And then you wait……………. We have waited two weeks for the agent to notify the seller’s agent, my agent, and to give me my copy of the appraisal, which law entitles to you. We are 2 weeks from closing date and have no idea the status of our loan or the outcome of the appraisal. If it were not for the rates and the fact that you do not need to have PMI on their loans with less than 20% down we would not go thru Navy Federal. They like to leave you in the dark and not respond to calls or emails. I will update this review when the process is complete.  08/12/20

One of the best cards on the market. 3X points on fuel & travel. Bonus points of 25,000 or ($250) when you spend $3K in 90 days. APR Low rate of less than 12%. Travel benefits too. Great for everyday purchases.

One of the best card you can have. That secured card  Graduated so don't have that anymore the send me a better card with a higher credit limit.

This is the best card in my wallet. The service at Navy Federal is excellent and the additional rates and products are better than any other bank/credit union I have been with.

I will never do business again with Navy Fed.  They pre approved me based on all the info I gave them on my finances.  They originally approved me for a lower amount but after talking to Terri Steffens she got me pre approved with the info that stuff I was paying was actually paid for by my daughter and we had bank records proving that.  They had me pay for an appraisal of 495 and then had me cancel two closing dates and then today told me I was denied because they didn't have enough months to prove my daughter was paying her debts that were in her name.  They knew this from the beginning.  Not to mention I gave two thousand dollars in earnest money for the house which I do not know if I will get back.  They barely get back to you even though they told me I was approved and could give my landlord notice.  This has been a nightmare.  Go somewhere else.  Wish I could give zero stars.

Navy Federal has been the only bank there for me in our time of need.  Thank you! They were compassionate and caring, they listened to my needs and offered products based on what would best assist my family during these trying times.  I am grateful and would highly recommend Navy Federal to all my family and friends although that is how I came to Navy Federal by someone else's high recommendation and they were right!  Thanks again, I am a member for life!

as much debt as a racked up no professional was able to find a card with a better deal. 14.65% APR on a credit debt of almost $20,000 actually blew some bankers away

NFCU is one of the best and most through financial companies I have ever used. I would recommend anyone that can qualify to use them as well.

Works fine, no issue. Navy fed rates are probably a bit high considering there are others much lower. Service is always decent and the staff seems well trained.

NFCU has top notch loan rates and service. I would recommend this company to anyone concerned about receiving the highest quality in their loan transactions.

My experience with Navy Federal CU has been amazing, they are always willing to assist and go beyond, Reps are extremely courteous.

When I called Navy Fed, everyone I spoke to was knowledgeable and friendly. The rep took all pertinent information and walked me through online login and after all process was finished was less than 25 minutes on the phone. Deal was done. Received a check within expected time. Sent a check to the finance company and all was done and done. I am a happy customer.

NFCU is great. Very fast approval times, less than 5 minutes, and very competitive rates. They have an in-house GAP policy that's usually $100's less than through the dealership. Very friendly and fantastic customer service.

I have been a member of navy federal credit union for over 20 years. Having secured and fully paid off one mortgage with them already I trusted them to handle my second one. I was rudely mistaken. They had over 45 days to finalize my loan, which I was told would be no problem and therefore I did not seek any other lenders. I write this as the process has been delayed now twice on their end. I am given no reason why, underwriting has not gotten back in time, things are with supervisors and now I am homeless because they have delayed the process over and over. This is unacceptable and I will never recommend this bank or their mortgage services. I will be taking my 20+ year patronage to another institution. I encourage you to take your business elsewhere.

The best credit union ever! If you can qualify to become a member DO IT! The customer service if top of the line. I will be a member for life.

I am so happy to be apart of such a great family. It was easy to get an approval for my GoRewards card. Best card ever thanks navy family

This card is great. I love watching my cash back grow and Navy Fed has been doing a better job that USAA in the last few years with their cards.

If you like them holding your funds until they become late and you get and overdraft fee then have to innate the transaction again then by all means use NFCU.

Excellent credit union.  They back it up with impeccable service.  I have been a longtime member and appreciate all those who serve veterans.

An actual scam. They use the amount you make in your paychecks before tax. If you’re applying for a loan it taxes based off that number. And if you have no history of credit best of freaking luck cause I’m trying to refinance my car a year later, and this car isn’t anything special it’s a 4 dood sedan Toyota Avalon. And they are giving me a 17.75% interest rate of I can do 8.24% but a tax of $1,300 for refinancing. Can’t believe that the bank that was given to me and said to be looking out for me is who’s doing this. Shameful and it breaks my heart and wallet that I’m even typing this. But hopefully someone else will look at this and realize they need to go to another bank because of this.

Great credit union. Happy to do business with them. I will be a life long member. Great customer service. Great products. Will recommend to anybody.

I have a checking, savings, and credit card with NFCU. I pay my credit card on time all the time, sometimes 2-3 times a month. I've been with them since 2007. I've asked for a increase on my AE card, I was denied, I applied for a eRewards card and was denied. It's discouraging being with a back, and paying everything on time, and the bank doesn't consider you. My credit score is way over 600+. I may switch banks, because, I'm going to need a back to stand behind me, if I want to open a business. Not happy. Ive gotten members in Navy...and they all were helped out nicely. Sad

very great experience  with navy on granting credit approval for the things I needed with not a lot of hassle having great credit standing with great lenders mean a lot to me

I had Navy Fed for years, and honestly thought I could trust them the entire time. Then the first time I needed their help to return a payment made to a confirmed closed account, they flat out refused to do anything. So the person I was paying never got paid, and I never got my money back. They refused to do anything about it, and when I pressed them on it, they effectively said that its not their problem. The first and only time I genuinely needed their help, they refused to do anything.   Do not trust Navy Fed, because they do not care.

I like this card and prefer to keep in good status I’m am wanting to keep credit in great status please update as as possible Thanks

. I am completely pleased with all my business transactions and customer service with navy federal bank including The opportunity to build my credit has been amazing thanks to .. Navy federal credit Union ..... For  that I would choose you any day ...thank you all for your great help

They are there when it matters. A Very good bank.A little Rough on the security sometimes to the point you’d like to chock them all but all else is great

Great credit card. The low interest rate and ample awards program. A good card if you are looking for an everyday credit card to purchase gas and groceries.

Excellent card of great features with a robust easy to use phone app would highly recommend anybody wanting to consolidate debt at reasonable interest

Super fast approval, great rate, 0 interest introductory term, no xfer fees, highly recommend!  Navy Fed is super easy to work with and their online experience is awesome e too!

Very good service when I had to call and dispute an item.  Interest rate is relatively low compared to other cards. Opening balance was $25k.

Take a very close look at these reviews. This website has a 130 character minimum to their reviews, and the vast majority of the reviews just BARELY meet that minimum. What does that tell you?  They're fake.  I have been with Navy Federal for 15 years. They have denied me a car loan, and given me personal loans at horrible rates. My credit rating is incredible, yet I can't help but notice one thing I keep getting flagged on: young account. 15 years old, YOUNG??   Finally, they blocked my car just because I was using google pay. I am done with Navy Federal. They are just as abusive towards veterans as the VA.

They offer good car loan though I still believe I was charged quite a high interest rate on my car but I like the flexibility and freedom of doing business with them.

This card is a life saver. It is very reliable and offers a cash rewards that ranges from 1 percent to 3 percent. It also offers a very high credit limit depending on your credit score and annual debt to income ratio.

Their awesome!  When I jumped back into the credit world after spending time recovering from Divorce liabilities, they were the first institution I turned to and they didn’t let me down. I had a savings relationship of three years already and had turned previous credit opportunities...

so many great things to list if you can get in with NFC do it as soon as possible and pay all your bills on time , you're welcome in advance ?

Great customer service. Just switched me to a different card. Was told that the auto increase featureon my acct was restricted. Ive never received a credit increase in 4 yrs Waiting to see what my new credit limit will be--if any.

Great for everyday use with fair interest based off of my credit. First credit line increase after 3 statements/91 days from opening account 3xs the limit

Great card. I received the 250 reward points bonus immediately upon spending the required amount. I would highly recommend this card.

I have been using this card for a long time now and it is my daily use card. I have never had any issues with the bank and if there are ever any charge issues with the card they are very quick to resolve. Love the bank and the credit card.

I love Navy Fed credit union it is one of thee best credit unions out there if not thee best... If you hsve a friend or family member as them to let you done

Very nice, good Customer services, better than any bank out there, will always recommend them even though I'm know they just don't accept every one.

I starting over with stuff and let’s just say Navy Federal Credit Union rocks, in helping you rebuild your credit profile. I recommend them to all if you can get them.

Excellent card.  Good Customer Service.  Easy approvals.  Good rewards points system.  Many member deals located on the website and emailed regularly.

I've been with NFCU for over 40 years. They are great. They have always been there for me when I needed them. They are there with a smile on their faces.

Ok card decent Intrest Rate. Rewards apply to balance. Only issue is, I have had the card over 4 years & haven't gotten an increase however they did lower my Limit which affected my credit rating.. that sucked

It takes forever for this card to report to the credit bureaus when the balance decreases, but they report quickly when the balance increases.

I just got a 200 secured card almost a year ago. They just increased my credit limit 100%. I always pay the whole balance, usually before the due date. Sometimes on the due date.

Great credit union. I never had any complaints.  They were always looking to help in any way possible. In fact my aon still bank a with rhwm

Enjoy the rewards program and instant alerts. With any activity on the account. Easy using the mobile application to lookup the account.

This was the best experience I’ve ever had purchasing a vehicle. I applied and was approved within 24hrs. They sent a check, I found a car and then boom!!! New ride. Thanks NFCU! ☺️

Great credit building card and the rewards are great to can be used for member deals which nice considering all the merchants that participate.

Thank you for giving me the chance to refinance my auto at a reasonable rate.  Awesome customer service! Definitely the credit union to do business with. Superior standards.

Navy Federal gave me a $500 unsecured credit card with a relatively low credit score. The rewards points can be redeemed for gift cards or to pay off purchases on the card

Been with nfc for 2 years now. I they have been advising me on my accounts and my credit and what they think my next move should be. I their service is free and it is much appreciated. In 2 years I've paid a bunch of debt off by following their advice.

love navy federal , couldn’t ask for a better place to bank or have any and all accounts with. I am thankful to have been qualified to have an account, military benefits certainly do help!

I have a zero balance on this account. So this information is wrong and has been wrong for two months now.   Please add a section on your site for the borrower's inputs.

My first car loan they seem ok and work with you. But certain paper work had been filed wrong and still they took my apr up to 18%. I thought that was harsh. They arent doing much to take my interest rate back to the lower rate, all the more reason to pay it off faster right?!

I have banked with NFCU for almost a decade and have bragged on them many times, but this past few months I would not recommend them to someone I do not like.  I went to purchase a new vehicle, and despite the fact that I have great credit and a decent amount of assets in their CU, the rate was higher than I got at a small local CU.  Then, I went to purchase a home, and they pulled a bait and switch advertising a low rate, but giving me a crazy high rate once we got to that point.  They have no doubt resorted to "sleezy used car sales" type practices.  I am now looking to move all of my banking.

I love this card.  try one for yourself.  don't just trust me try for yourself.  I used twice since having/I really love this card

Navy Federal has a new platform called the "digital investor" . It is a platform where you can make and sale trades. The site is TRASH. There is no way to speak with a customer service rep other than through LIVE CHAT and the representatives seem to think since they are hiding behind a keyboard they can get snippy and nasty with you. I was new to trading and possibly unaware of some rules. For example I had been trading on the platform for months buying/ selling stock. When I sold a stock the funds would be available immediately and I would buy another stock. Today when I went to do my usual routine of selling and buying I noticed that the funds were not available immediately. I contact the support system thru LIVE CHAT and  I was notified that I had not 1 but 4 penalties on my account . "Good faith penalties " Basically when you sell a stock and do not let the funds settle before you buy another stock. I was highly upset because I was not even told about the FIRST penalty so how was I suppose to know about the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th. This caused me to miss out on alot of money. I called NAVY FEDERAL and had to speak with a supervisor who did not even work in the digital investor department because again you can only speak with them thru live chat. I hope my concerns were forwarded to the right department, But I am highly doubtful. We will see.

I’ve had this credit card for over 7 years and absolute love Navy Federal. I’ve also got my vehicle loans through them at a crazy low interest rate.

This card is being used to get my credit score up. I am hoping for a higher  limit  in 90 days I have seen  great results from other people

We currently have both a mortgage and car loan through Navy Federal....and equally we are now refinancing to get AWAY from those loans.  Yes, they are very friendly, make loans very easy, BUT.....whatever you do, get their rate quotes and any other details IN WRITING.  I'm embarrassed that we got taken twice by them, and ended up paying several % points higher on both loans, than we would have gotten elsewhere.  Buyer beware!!!

This is the only secured card I’ll every want as you earn points at the same rate as an unsecured card do. The points don’t expire for four years. There’s no annual fee and for as secured card it has a lower than average APR.

These are GREAT people to do business with!!! Probably the best customer service that I have ever experienced!!!! Rates are extremely competitive.

Excellent member service. Always friendly and extremely helpful, no matter who you speak with via the phone in person or location.

I utilize this card for mileage rewards, paying cellphone bill and utilities monthly. This is my primary credit card in lieu of my atm card

Cassidy was more than happy to assist me with my Navy Fed. needs! She was beyond patient with me as well as well-spoken & kind, & has been one of the very few customer service representatives in my experience to act as though they truly love their job. Please acknowledge this woman’s hard workings!

Man, man worst card ever. Just kidding .  NFCU awesome credit  card and if you have good fico score it’s even better, overall I rate NFCU 100% . Rates are awesome. Pay your account on time and NFCU will raise your purchasing power.

First off the blocked my account I had my uncle send me 2k which dropped into my blocked account! Once I got it unblocked from my account I was told I was good so I sent him the 2k back through cash app but through a different name. The permanently blocked my account with my pay check in there. I asked for my pay check back they told me no. I asked them why did they do that they said it was money fraud an it is being investigated. Investigated by what I asked. An they where so rude to me on the phone I was humiliated by the lady laughing and saying that I was lying. I wasn’t lying that’s what I did and they can clearly see that, but she just laughed an was like I’m not answering you now more have a good day. Every time I call they are extremely rude now an then they told me it was third party fraud I asked how all because I logged in on a different phone

Really such a good way to help boost your credit!  Navy federal helps you to save money and to also learn how to practice utilizing credit reasonably and responsibly.

Everytime we go the  Spring mountain,las Vegas branch its always been a positive experience..all staffs are friendly they will greet you with a smile, but one staff  always stands out from the rest..Shout out ti Jordan..no doubt this guys is awesome.he is knowledgeable,friendly he is one of the reason why we keep coming to this branch..two thumbs up for Spring Mount

Love this credit union awesome benefits and rewards. Would recommend to fellow veterans.  Customer service is great.  24 hour service.

Worst credit card company I've ever dealt with. Awful company policies that TAKE ADVANTAGE of veterans, they DO NOT SUPPORT veterans!! I will never bank with them again.

Get referred to NFCU! this is the best bank I have ever banked with by far! They care about their clients and have client service associates that are very understanding and empathetic on the phone.

Rates and closing costs were decent.  Communication from loan officer was non-existent.  Don't answer calls, return calls or return emails.

Very good Credit Union. Representatives are always friendly when ever I call in . The app is user friendly. I highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union!

Navy federal allowed me to refinance this vehicle to a insane rate, could not have asked for a better experience with a credit union

awesome card, wish we would have got it sooner,  not to mention how great Navy Federal is all around.  They always seem to be looking out for the interests of the customer

Started out well for the first two months then after that bills weren't being paid and were returned due to Navy Federal not honoring them due to "insufficient funds" regardless of the fact that there was $1000 dollars in the account. And then on top of that, there is no record of payments made or attempting to pay out and not overdraft fees were charged even though there was supposedly no funds in the account. This has been a terrible experience with the checking account portion and now I am required to pay my billers a large sum due to Navy Federal's overlook and the inability to manage an account.

I joined the credit union because I am ex navy and wanted something in remembrance of my 1st auto loan account in 1978.  I wanted something that didn’t charge a fee and that I could stash away some savings from time to time.

Great card with 2X everything and 3X for travel . The annual fees is $45 , which isn’t bad for how much value you get with the points and up to a $100 statement credit for TSA PreCheck or Global Entry ( get global entry because it includes PreCheck also . Extremely good card !

Easy no frills card. I haven’t had any issues so far. Credit limit is slow to go up, but I’m ok with the limit for now. I would recommend

I‘ve never had ANY account with Navy FCU!!! This is wrong information! Remove it!.................................................

Love navy federal great credit card great company fast paced boots my credit card up my credit is getting up because of navy federal and they help

Navy Federal Cash Rewards is a good overall card to have. It has no annual fee which is awesome!  This card is also great due to it giving 1.5% cash back on every purchase. The only drawback I can think of is that you need a Navy Federal savings account open to apply for this credit card.

No account transfer fee charge, No cash advance withdrawal charge, No annual fee, plus only a 50 cents ATM withdrawal fee. Interest rate between 5% to 11% on purchases or cash advances. It can be linked to a Navy Federal checking or savings account to transfer cash advance at no charge. The best credit card I've ever had!!!

Only positive experiences with Navy Federal Credit Union. Highly recommend them. They have great fraud assistance and monitoring service.

Navy Federal is excellent for me With a fresh start on build my credit score Thanks to Navy Federal for a chance on building my credit

Best credit union or bank there is. Very good for everyone as long as you have a military family or live with someone who has. Very high credit limits

Absolutely the greatest experience with a bank/credit union in my life! Will definitely continue to bank with Navy Federal! I recommend them to all my friends and family!

NFCU is the best military centric credit union. They will match rates and their services are based on helping you not take your money

Quick underwriting and low interest rate.  Plus good early spend bonus.  The card has touch less swipe capabilities which is helpful going forward.

Fast, easy and very helpful. I walked in... sat down and less than 5 minutes later, after a few questions I had my loan! I loved that part and you will too!!!

easy to manage and points build quickly and are very easy to redeem applying was easy i walked in to a branch and customer service was very helpful explaing terms and conditions

I was very skeptical at first when I heard about this card but I went for it anyway and it has been great. First customer service is wonderful and they have been there for me all the way. Interest rate isn’t bad at all 18% for a secured card and they have cash back rewards that I use to pay some of my payment or I can purchase items. This card is legit.

I  liked when I found out I could trade points for cash, otherwise points take a long time to accumulate and I tend to forget they are there.

Good experience on being with them!! One of the best credit unions to have a Secured card Thanks for helping me with my credit if I had to do it all over again I would do it with Navy Federal

Awesome service , learning a great deal about how to rebuild my credit. Have applied for more cards, which I didn’t know would assist me in raising my score if I manage them responsibly

Nice card, great bank, I use this card for everything.  I will continue to use to raise my credit  score. I will ask for a credit  increase  every 3 months. I will continue to only use 30% ussage

I don't like that I have to wait for them to open a window for me to use the option.  After all that is the reason I got the card.

NFCU is simple and pleasant to deal with, The cash back card makes the reward available at a minimum of 50.00$ and deposits it immediately into your account at your request.

Good card, would recommend there’s not any random charges or fees it’s a pretty fair credit limit based on your score and very understanding of circumstances.

Best bank there is, great app and security I got the best rewards card 3% back just very happy to be part of this great institution anyone should be

If you can join Navy Fed, do it! I I have switched almost all of my accounts to them! Been a member since 2016. NEVER had an issue

Great card to have in your wallet. Navy Federal cards is fantastic for your everyday purchases. Welcome bonus is 50k after 3k purchase within the first 3 months.

Couldn’t be happier with this bank! If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn’t hesitate to let this bank provide my financing needs.

Great limit. Short 0 apr at 6 months but great intro bonus for 300. Grabbed around the holiday. Highly recommend. Great addition to the wallet

Attempted to refinance with Navy Federal. Lack of communication, false promises, no returned phones and emails for a month at a time lead me to not going with them. Only way I heard back from anyone was calling the mortgage customer care and escalating my request to hear back from anyone or going in person. I requested to have a different processor work on my loan. I was told in the bank if I don't hear back in two weeks it was possible. After twenty days I called the mortgage customers care to ask for a change in processor. Here I was told it's not possible the bank was mistaken, it's a different department and it doesn't work that way. After multiple attempts and requests for paperwork reaching out to my processor, I again called to get a new processor. This time they changed my processor. Who in his defense reached out immediately and sent me documents to ink sign. I requested to have them signed online, he was unable to provide this option. One two phone hour call to another bank all information was given, a rate was locked with the ability to lower the rate, all requested paper work was given, and done online.  Highly dissatisfied and disappointed with Navy Federal. I know there is a high volume of refinancing at the moment, but I was treated like a valued customer at other Banks I don't even bank with.   A second terrible occasion was having my credit card information stolen, and online banking information changed. After going into the Vacaville location requesting a new credit card and removing the random new address that some how appeared on my account. The bank then double checked my id to send my new bank card to the right address. The card was sent two days shipping free of charge. Day four I called to ask where my card was. I was told it was shipped to my alternative address... The alternative fake address that was added to my account that I had them remove four days prior.. Get it together please! "Don't worry it has not been activated yet" is what I was told. The issue is sending the card to the wrong address and not deleting the fake address.

Exceptional card, starts with a moderate credit limit, earns rewards that you can use later. And above all, the application process was simple. I love this card!

Best credit card out there by a long shot. Navy a Federal is an amazing bank. Improved credit score monthly. Cash rewards are great as well.

Great card! I love NFCU! I didn’t think I would get approved but they were quick and willing to give someone with building credit a chance.

NFCU is wesome! This credit union and credit card services and experiences. I wish I had known about them sooner. Almost all of my banking needs will soon be met with them.

Thanks for help me build my credit. I wish to even open my business account with navy federal they have been very helpful and great

NFCU is a pleasure to work with for my Platinum CC, Checking & Savings accounts.      Never more than a 1 minute wait when I call.

Navy Federal has always been reliable, helpful, and loyal to its customers. I have been with them since I was 13 years old. Low interest rates and willing to help lower your interest rates, find you better rewards cards, and help transfer your debt with ease

Great card got alot of cash back that i haven't used yet... Recommended my brother and sis and they both got the card as well... Not as high a limit but still good to have

Got the car for my wife and she loves it... Affordable payments and all. The features she wanted... Im staying with navy fed from hetr on out

NFCU is a very generous and understanding company. Their customer service is impeccable. I have my checking, savings, credit card and home loan with them and will never switch to another company for my financial needs

NFCU gave me a chance when no one else would. They are extremely generous as well and the flat 1.5% cashback is nice! I hope this is a banking relationship for life!

Always help me,when I need my loans to recive the best service and conpromise,better interest rates,no matter where I was,Thanks for your service to us.I am a military retire.Stay save,stay alive......

Every time I call Navy Federal for any account, loan, question, they're extremely helpful. Which is the reason why I try to have all my loans and accounts with them only

Unfortunately their customer service has been poor.  The processor, Coleen, has not responded to many requests for assistance in this process, only called once in the past month, which I had to escalate to her manager.  I am a 1099 worker and needed guidance to ensure all forms have been submitted. We have missed our scheduled closing which caused a $3,000 penalty. Caution, they do not have the internal procedures in place to be efficient in our "new normal".  We may need to withdraw our application to eliminate any further penalties / delays, if the processor continues to not give guidance.

Navy Federal is the best they always look to ensure that you get exactly what you want with all loans and banking needs I would advise anyone to bank with Navy Federal

Best bank! Best credit cards! By far beats any other credit union and big bank that doesn’t care about you. I highly recommend navy fed!

great place for military, veterans support banking, love this bank its the best ive ever been with all points you should give it a shot

Very open about most credit issues.  Favorable outcomes when perspective is well thought out (or not.)and presented. Just ask them.

Lower interest rate because it is through a Credit Union.  Max is 18%.  Earns 1.5% back on all purchases. Support is very helpful.

Its an okay credit card... good for points to turn into cash back. Trying my best to pay off this card. Navy federal is a good bank.

I really need to stop with my car buying. But navy federal keeps approving me and I love cars. I’ve had some personal life changes so I’m now focusing on paying off debt and I’m hoping that I can stay away from the car buying for the near future.

Navy federal is fantastic. They don’t care how old a car is but only the value of it. This is the third Nissan 300ZX I’ve been able to purchase through them over the years and I have no regrets.

Got me out of jams often. I am finally trying to get out of debt so I’ll be just paying on this card for now. I’ve been fortunate that the interest rate is so good.

I am always about a low interest rate and this is one of the lowest.  I went to the dealer first due to timing and it was so easy to transfer the load and get a slightly lower rate.

I've been an NFCU member since 1984.  Military personal should get a membership with NFCU;  their loans and interest rates are A+.

Great company, great credit card! CLI twice in 9 months with soft pull, at least for my account. Have more than doubled my original credit limit. Thanks Navy Federal! OO-Rah!

Navy Federal has been an excellent help in building my credit. I needed to buy a used truck but my credit was bad. I opened a checking & savings account with NF and a secured credit card. In about 8 months my score went from around 590 to 761.

The downside to Navy Federal I'm a combat veteran and needed to get funds now and I still have to wait till tomorrow what certain do me any good other than that they're pretty decent

Great card and bank love it there employees are friendly and knowledgeable, loan department is great they work with you when purchasing a home

Navy Federal is beyond ridiculous!   I have had money taken out of my account by fraudulent activity..after sending proof in black and white it WAS NOT ME ,  I still am fighting to get my money back!!!!!

Very reliable and user friendly. The mobile app is easy to use and their customer service is very attentive and helpful. I never have any issues using this card.

Cashback rewards card is a nice card I was able to get my limit increased from 500 to 1400 in 3 mos with responsible use. Hoping for bigger increases down the line.

Great financing and I recommend this Bank to everyone . They are on point on what you need to done. Rates don’t change and once approve score Goes up

I absolutely love my card.  I use it for everything. I never carry cash anymore and i dont use my other cards from other banks. I swear by NFCU credit cards.

Amazing Card from an amazing credit union! This is a great card for anyone looking to re-establish their credit. Navy Fed continues to exceed expand take care of its members

I am happy I opened accounts with NFCU. I decided to go with a secured card before I had heard of others getting insane credit lines. Still happy I went this route though. After 6 months I should have the card graduated to unsecured.  Had to call customer service a couple of times and was very impressed with their employees.

Been with Navy Federal Credit Union for close to 40 years. Excellent programs, superior customer service! I’m a lifer with NFCU!!!

This is the worst bank I’ve ever had . They are clueless and not on the same page . They all say something else when I call with a question.

Working with this credit union has been a  horrible experience. I applied for a refinance loan in February 2020. During the process, my loan officer refuses to return to my calls or emails. I uploaded required documents in their system yet I get automated reminders about the same information that's been provided.  As of April 2020 my loan has not been processed. And my calls are ignored.

Navy Federal changed my entire life! I highly recommend this credit union! I would never be in the amazing predicament to increase my score. Thank you!

Navy Federal Credit Union only helps big fish not the small fish does nothing for them but apologize for the inconvenience. During times as this with a pandemic spreading hurting people and putting them from homes without food just because I have some bad credit issues that are being resolved slowly. I can't rush the system lord knows I wanna but  I can't.

I love this credit union, this card and the benefits of the card. This is my go-to card when I purchasing anything. The rewards are good for a beginning credit seeker.

Amazing  Get your kid this account. Young.  Deposit $500 watch it Grow. This will be a great addition to any graduation gift or 21 st bday.

They closed my personal checking account during the pandemic. Now I can't have my stimulus check direct deposited, it have to wait on it to be mailed.  NFCU doesn't care about the self-employed with little to no income during this crisis.  They are blind to the little people.

It was easy and perfect. I will be doing future business again. It isba great bank tobbuild a report with and they will takr care of you. Just maintain responsibility and all will be well

NFCU made this collateral-free loan based on my personal creditworthiness over the years. I felt that the loan specialist and their team recognized membership loyalty.

NFCU loan specialist team worked fast to get me the finances needed, especially when I was faced with unforseen circumstances. The loan process was made easy.

Excellent company ,excellent card    I highly recommend this card to anyone who is in the process of rebuilding their credit.  The rewards and benefits will cause you to save as well.

If I could give them negative stars, I would. We had $1,500 stolen out of our account from a fraudulent check. Two times they denied that there was fraud on our account. So now we are out all that money and they don’t even care and still say it was us. I’m fed up and taking my business somewhere else. They don’t care about their customers. We are a military family living paycheck to paycheck and now we’re are out all that money barely able to make ends meet. Don’t bank here.

It's a good, all-around credit card to start with, but other than the cash rewards, nothing really exclusive. Also, does not have any benefits from other vanilla credit cards.

I love Navy Federal. Very respectful and they care about all of their patrons. I know that when I go there, I will get treated truthfully and leave with my issue solved.

Great service all the time. Thanks NFCU for always providing Me and my family with excellent Customer service each and every occasion. Can’t say that for a lot places.

Navy is a great family to be apart of. They offer excellent customer service and support. I love them so much that my entire family is with them, too.

VERY low APR (7.49%) with built in FICO score monitoring. Navy Federal Credit Union has some of the best customer service there is!

Excellent line of credit that doubles for free overdraft protection.  Easiest to get approved with direct deposit and using checking account debit card monthly.

I love navy federal credit union. They’re personal service is outstanding. They have always been there for me if and when I needed them. All I have to do is call them.

Best place to get a credit card when I was sure I would be denied they surprised me I highly recommend them also to get a car there the best

Great company, great customer service, very happy, they don’t give you hard time, I switched my entire family to them & I sing their praises all the time.

Excellent! 25 year membership, no issues.  Competitive rates and terms, with no pre-payment penalties, great customer service and friendly.

The worst bank in the USA. I tried joining , I provided all the information that was asked. Than they started questioning my wife identity and her US Citizenship. My wife is borned US citizen.  Their belligerent attitude is less than appreciated. My advice is do not join and if you have joined “ ABANDON SHIP ! “ you can do way better at other credit unions that will appreciate your membership. I truly regret my whole entire experience with NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION !

*RACIAL PROFILED* My father is a Veteran.  He opened an account with NFCU about 2 years ago. He had an active checking account with monthly direct deposits, and a active savings account. He applied for a credit card with NFCU and was approved for a $10,000 credit limit. He used the card a few times, not for big purchases and NFCU placed a fraud alert on the card. He called to have it removed, verified EVERY transaction as his own and the representative said she would remove the block. His daughter in law, which is my wife, who's BLACK by the way, with a very strong southern accent was there assisting my WHITE father, as she always does because I'm very busy and can not travel as often as she does, tried telling my father in the background, while he was on the phone with the representative who was going to call my father on his landline and give him a verification code, that he does not have call waiting. The representative INSTANTLY changed her mind about removing the block and started asking my father questions like: Who ordered the credit card, him or my wife? What was his physical address? Which he'd verified the minute the call was transferred to this particular representative.  Who sent the card to this address, him or her? After he answered all of her questions telling her he applied for the credit card and sent it to HIS address, which is already on file, and has been since he opened his accounts. She told him he could no longer be assisted over the phone that he would have to visit a local branch for further verification.  Mind u my father is a 100% disabled veteran and the closet branch is over 25 miles away from his place of residence. Which he stated.  The representative was RUDE and terminated the call in my father's ear, by saying goodbye, while he was still talking.  A week and a half later my wife takes my father into the nearest branch. All personal information was verified, his and hers.  Afterwards, the lady that was assisting them at the branch told my father and wife that upon her call to the fraud department one of the representatives read notes to her which stated that after the call to their department, the card remained not AUTHORIZED for use because my father told them that my wife was his wife and that he was in love with her. WHICH WAS A LIE! My father is VERY alert! And knows EXACTLY who my wife of 12 years is. They also told the representative at the local branch that the notes said my father was discombobulated. THE NERVE! Now my question is: #1, How was that any of the bank's business if that was or wasn't his wife? That's IRRELEVANT, as well as her being in the background if she wasn't trying to obtain any information or participate in the phone call. #2, How do they know for certain she wasn't his wife? They never spoke to her, nor did they ask him if she was or wasn't. NOT THAT IT WAS ANY OF THEIR BUSINESS!  And #3, What gives them (BANK REPS)  the right to label someone discombobulated because of a statement that they CLAIM he made? But couldn't prove otherwise.  Long story short, they gave my father and my wife a complete run around about the credit card. So many lies were told. And the representative at the branch stated, that it all stemmed from the fact that my wife is a black woman, with a very heavy southern accent, and my father's a white man. NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION'S fraud department employees are a bunch of racist idiots who LACK COMMON SENSE and DECENCY! And last but not least,  they also took it amongst themselves to LOCK my father's credit card AGAIN last week, and refused to unlock it AGAIN. Then they unbeknownst to my father, LOCKED HIM OUT OF HIS DIGITAL BANKING ACCOUNT.  This entire incident is ABSURD!  I happen to be a VERY wealthy man, and I do not plan on letting this go. I have contacted my team of attorneys and I will let them deal with them LEGALLY!

If you can join navy federal and obtain one of their cards do it! Best interest rates, outstanding card perks, customer service is great and they provide generous limits. Their fees for returned checks and penality apr for missed payments compared to all other credit card lenders are a joke. It's obvious their not trying to exploit their customers (veterans). This is the only lender I enthusiastically recommend. I could go on and on singing the praises of this lender and I still wouldn't do it justice!

It’s been paid in full about 3 weeks ago but it has not been change till now I been paying them off every Friday to keep a zero bal so that my credit score

Great low apr, this card is the main card, use for the rewards and when carry a balance, low interest is a plus. Will try and get the amex card from nfcu, for it's high balance and other travel rewards it offers. So far I am very pleased with the visa rewards.

Very easy to use. The card is a nicr color too. I ee Specially like the app. I like to keep an eye on my card use so i like that the app monitoring is easy.

I received this card as a Secured credit card and loaded with $500. After a year of having the card they turned it into a Unsecured credit card and received another $500 credit limit increase.

I have got a line of credit which helps me a lot. I got this line of credit 3 years and I use it whenever I needed, so it is very handy.

This card is great because it allows you to balance transfer, as well as no annual fees. Its a great card for credit building and they'll approve you with fair credit.

I've always had cheery people.  They always have an answer to my questions and solve the problem everytime. I've always had cheery people.  They

I really like this card because it is assisting with my credit. I never thought I could get a credit card until I applied with my own bank.

Awesome card to have! Great credit union to work with! I couldn't believe the limit they gave me considering where my score was at the time.

They are awesome compared to most. Just transfer from your NFCU Checking or Savings and the payment is paid. Just takes a few days to post. Easy peasy.

As the daughter of a Purple Heart Vietnam Veteran, I definitely expected better customer service and professionalism from Navy Federal Credit Union. I am a first time homebuyer with great credit. I submitted my application in January and was approved for the home that I desired with a closing date of 3/31/2020. My appraisal was completed AND approved on 2/18/2020. My realtor and I consistently checked with the mortgage processor for updates on my file. Unfortunately, I was informed on 3/26 (less than a week from closing) that their appraisal has an error and I cannot close until it is adjusted. Now they're requesting a closing date extension that will result in me paying a few thousand dollars EXTRA in prorated interest!  THIS HAS BEEN AN AWFUL EXPERIENCE AND I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND NAVY FEDERAL TO MY WORST ENEMY!!

The Navy Federal Credit Union Card is a good credit card. The customer service is ok. I would highly recommend this card. This is ok card to have.

Navy Federal has a great website and a great app. They have everything you need.They treat you like a King. They are definitely the number one credit union in the world.Awesome

My pre approval helped me find an affordable new car. Armed with my check, I made a great deal and the state taxes were covered with the amount on the check. The beauty of it all was I didn’t use the full amount of the check.

They are absolute garbage when it comes to an epidemic. They provided no options for me, and I have been a member since 2008. So unfortunate to see such greed in these times of need. Very disappointed in the service I received.

Thank you for helping me be more aware of my spending so that I don't over spend but spend what is necessary to get buy and save money.

I personally love navy federal credit union, they have the Best service!!! Mortgage and car loans were responded quick. Fast and easy communication with customer service. Thank you!

I always making payments to the credit card. It's changing a lot. Interested rates keep decreasing. I'm wanting to increase it after I get it pay off

I really enjoy this credit card because it has the best interest rate then most credit cards on the market.  The In office service and staff were very helpful with answering questions regarding all of my options on there credit cards and auto refinancing.

Understanding. Helped make a Payment plan so that my credit doesn’t get totally destroyed! Thanks navy federal credit union. You’re the best

Great credit union to do business with. Show them love by being a responsible borrower, and they'll show love in return. Highly recommended!

High interest rate than I'm used to. Probably cuz my credit is lower. Super bummed but it's not their fault, just mine. It's funny because their creditcard promo has less interest lol.

Navy Federal is the next best thing since sliced bread. They have assisted me in every area of my life. I will not invest in any other banking institution.

Navy Federals secured card is great, they always check to see when they can unsecure and you earn points! Approved with very low credit- 490 at the time

Great card to have--with discipline!  Navy Federal is an AMAZZZZZZZZZZZING financial institution. Upon approval, the credit line granted nearly took my breath away! L.O.V.E. NAVY FED!

The greatest credit card and customer service is the best. Very pleased. Navy Federal has helped me with every concern and questioned

Good secured card and the app is great.  You can look at it wherever you are and easily transfer money from your navy federal account.

Thank you for such awesome customer service. You have helped me bring my score up by 18 points. That took 10 days very impressive.

A great bank to do business with. They are very friendly and easy to communicate with. Very helpful with whatever your needs are. Good

They are the best for credit cards....I started with a secured credit card then six months afterwards they automatically gave me a limit 10x the original and released the secured money back into my savings.

Very good secured card. Offers no annual fee and 1% cash back on all purchases as well as bonus cash back through the rewards website.

coifucc77c7c7c77c8c8iv8cic8c8c8 your phone 77ffigitrr7rr7rf77ff7f7f7fi8ff778tt7t78f8g7ff7g788g88ttt8t8g8t8t8tg7g8g8tiit7g88t8t8g8y88

Cash back rewards and great customer service make this an awesome card for my wallet. Cash back rewards and great customer service make this an awesome card for my wallet.

Love it and great saves  and credit increase when paid on time use it a lot to build my credit back up and they gave me a fresh new start

Terrible loan Processors. My refi loan took over 5 months to complete. Called over a dozen times to find a competent loan official to bring loan to disbursements. Then my Navy Federal account was hacked by fraudulent individuals right after funds were put into a secure account. This Retired Navy Veteran was disrespected by some officials at NFCU.

Navy Federal credit Union has helped me immensely. Customer service is always polite and prompt. Always available 24 hours a day 7 days a week

Excellent service and good to their members you can’t go wrong with rates and they are always helpful when calling for assistance love my credit union

Awesome card.  I enjoyed the cashback and I even earned a $250 sign on bonus after spending $2,000 with the card.   I'm looking forward to continuing my relationship with navy

This is a secured credit card. It usually require approximately $34 each month but I pay $200. I will continue paying $200 and not using it.  The customer service reps are very courteous and professional. I enjoy working with them.

I’ve been a member of NFCU for almost 30 yrs and they are the very best. Not only do they offer competitive rates, but their service is excellent.

Easy application and approval process. Excellent rates although amount approved for was less than what I applied for but I was still able to buy the car I wanted.

Navy Federal is a great Credit Union when it comes to checking, savings, CDs.  They lack knowledge and transparency when it comes to the mortgage side of the house.  I was excited to use them but 3 years into my mortgage they are now requesting flood insurance and am not in a flood zone.  I have done countless hours of due dilegence and even went out of pocket financially to get this rectified.  I have all my documents.  I have even went into a branch and uploaded and emailed documents to them to triple check they received them.  On Feb 10th I got the mandated flood insurance until I can get FEMA documents and then on Feb 17th I received another letter stating I need insurance.  How many times do I need to update this???  I even went to a branch.  The insurance side of the house needs help.  When I call I get the same run around.  I feel like NFCU should open up a case file if you have an issue as important as this and deal directly with one or two people.  I'm at a loss because I don't know how else they will get the documents to update and take the mandated flood insurance off the mortgage account.  The last lady I spoke with told me to use the online contact that someone will answer that one.  we will see.  In the meantime last Thursday I received the FEMA LOMA Removal taking the structure out of the flood zone.  I sent it to two different emails as instructed.  Between insurance and LOMA please NFCU please get someone to update the system.  This mess that was created by NFCU insurance department by using your third party called Core Logic has caused undue hardship and financial loss.  This property was already coded correctly per FEMA when I bought the house in March 2017.  But you chose to go thru Core Logic and pay them money to read and interpret the FEMA maps wrong which has caused all this stress.  The FEMA maps have not changed since 2006.  If this was an issue you should have done your due dilegence before sticking a veteran on a VA Home loan in a home prior to closing.

Member for 35 years. Service was exceptional until a year ago. Now it's rubbish and customers are treated like roadkill. I am now transferring everything to Bank of America and Merrill Edge, where the service is much better. A shame. It was such a great institution until the new CEO took over last January. Downhill since.

Excellent credit card with the lowest interest rate and highest credit limit out there!!! Amazing customer service as well. They are way better than your most noticed card brands out there

Navy is pretty good and never had a problem other than if you have money in checking out savings and your a day late they take their money. So I just left $0 in that bank so they can't just take it for 1 day late.

Navy Federal has a new policy. If you have a payroll check or any check for that mater, they will not cash it. The only way to get your money is to deposit it AND, you will only get the first 200 At midnight that night and the rest is on a one to two day hold. After April 2020, the teller has the power to put it on a hold for up to a week if they have any issue with you, the check, the clothes you have on or the way you present yourself. Yes, this is the policy. The branch manager told me that and that you cannot cash any check at the branch. Needless to say, I will be leaving Navy Federal after being with them for two decades.  This is the new way things will be and all ready are in this country if we continue with Democratic Socialism. Good luck Veteran’s.

Navy is willing to work with their customers to their satisfication. They try to find every option they can to meet the customers need.

Navy Federal CU is our long-term financial institution.  They are always easy to work with and have provided us easy solutions to our financial needs.

Great card. Great experience. Great customer service. Navy federal overs a variety of cars with different rewards and cash back and are always willing to help.

I love my Navy Federal Credit Union products. They offer competitive rates and extremely friendly customer service. If you're eligible, you should join!

Navy Federal Credit Union is by far the best credit card issuer that I've ever delt with.  Their customer service is also impeccable.

Very easy to work with!! Fast turn around on loan . Excellent customer service and a well knowledgeable staff. I would recommend Navy Federal to all Veterans

I have had Navy Federal for 15 years. They know how to take care of loyal customers! Loans always have the best interest rates even when my credit was just starting out.

Best card to have. I am very happy with my secured card and will update everyone when it becomes unsecured and what limit it increased to.

BEEN THERE DONE THAT ! With Navy Federal ,It's simply the easiest way to buy a car ! ALWAYS get a pre-approval ! never let the dealership handle it ! I started off that way and it was a two-day process ! Dragging their feet and then shotgunning my credit ! and then still didn't have a Good Loan to offer me ! and the rates were high ! , It literally takes 5 minutes to apply at navy  federal !! simply make a phone call, tell them you want a car loan and get a pre-approval with a way better rate in just minutes !! always ask questions, THEY WILL GUIDE YOU through the entire process ! show the pre-approval to the dealership if you're already there ,or bring it with you to the dealership and leave with the chosen vehicle  ! it's that simple ! Navy Federal is literally the best experience I've ever had buying a car ! :) MWC

Navy Federal is awesome what can I say, I have my car loan, my credit card and my mortgage through them , they are very competitive with great rates and they have excellent customer service :) MWC

We love when we have our card caught up on payments cause we use it when we need to and thats to either pay a bill or go shopping .

Excellent customer service experiences, outstanding location and very feasible for during weekend bank deposits and services, #awesome

Excellent credit union. They have always been very eager to help with our financial needs. Navy Federal Credit Union handles all of our business.

Navy federal is an awesome credit union. They really listen to their members concerns. I’ve been with them for over ten years and I can truly say they have always been for the client. Whether it be a car loan or a dispute on a charge, they’ve had my back. Thank you NFCU for taking good care of us.

Navy fed CC was great until I retired from the military. Interest rate went from 6% to 18% afterwards. It was a real let down to see how you get treated when you complete your service

I have banked with NFCU for 5 years and have never had an issue with their basic products such as checking, savings, and CDs. I love them.

I have been a member since 1978 and wouldn’t change financial institutions for anything. They’re the best! I have brought two houses and multiple vehicles with them. Their customer service is the finest.

I love that NFCU always services the loan once they set you up with a mortgage, even if the loan is later sold.  It makes things so much more convenient, to be able to know that my monthly payments can be setup all within my NFCU portal.  Thanks, team!

I am a veteran and joined with the intention of assuming an existing VA loan which was non-performing.  After 10 weeks of different depts. I decided I would pay cash and the hell with Navy Federal and their complete incompetence.  Absolutely the worst customer service and experience I have ever had at any financial institution.  I have a 800+ credit score and the loan I was striving to assuming was non-performing.  It seemed they would rather foreclose than have someone pay them on time.  I would rather have cancer and have no choice but to go the VA Hospital (we veterans know how bad that is) than deal with Navy Federal Credit Union ever again.  I closed my acct and I never want to see their name again.  How they are the largest, I have no idea as they have no concept of people's time or keeping their word about calling you back. If you need something, do not be fooled thinking they care about Veterans.  They can care less.  Run, don't walk away from this institution.

Navy federal credit union has to be the best.personal bank on earth. They offer generous lines and good rates. Each branch had been friendly and helpful

Excellent Credit Card Experience!  The ease for me to contact them 24 / 7 and their attentiveness to accommodate my needs in real time goes a long way as far as I’m concerned.  I enjoy that I get to talk to a banker quickly, as well as, someone who is knowledgeable and experienced with every facet of my account.  Hands down, The Best Credit Union to be associated with and belong to in my financial toolbox!!

TU630/ EXPRN 649/ EQFX 630.. no collections, no liens, no chargeoffs, no public records, no inquiries.  89% on time payment history.  Income $64k a year.  Approved NFCU CashBack card for $24,500 and 11.15%APR!!! My scores provided were pulled from CreditKarma and Experian.com. I have had 7 consecutive months of on time payments for my other cards and car loan.  Discover IT CL$2000  and QuickSilver CL$4300. Both of those cards are at 5% usage.  Car loan balance $13,500.  I have only been with NFCU for 3 months. Only a savings account with a balance of about $1200 right now.  I just got approved for highest limit everrrr... Thank you NFCU!    Yours Truly,  BlackQueen

Awesome thanks so much for asking great place to bank with reliable institution great loan products and low interest rates fortunate to have this card

I love NFCU! They have GREAT customer service!  They also offer a large variety financial services! When you call them you can also speak to a real person.  I highly recommend NFCU for all your financial needs!

I love Navy Federal, they are owned by their members and they are a great  Nationwide credit Union to help you to rebuild your credit

Great for building credit and a great rewards system. This card helps for those that spend a good amount on groceries and store shopping.

I've had more than a half dozen mortgage loans over the years.  Some were with credit unions that turned around the next week and sold my loan to another financial institution.  Sometimes I was not happy about that aspect of it, but for the most part the processing was quick and easy.  By that, I mean it took three to six weeks to close from the day the application was completed. Then there was the mortgage process from hell . . . AKA Navy Federal Credit Union.  Ugh! I filled out the application in late September with excellent credit scores and a loan to value well under 40%.  The perfect mortgage situation for any lender. I opted for a VA loan, knowing that there would be more red tape involved.  But also thinking that a credit union called Navy Federal must do a ton of VA loans. During the ensuing 12 weeks, yes, twelve weeks, they made mistake after mistake, requiring additional documentation and delays to get their mistakes corrected.  I was even close to cancelling the whole thing, but I had already paid for the home inspection, etc. There was one issue in particular that was annoying.  It should have been a simple verification of homeowner's insurance.  My policy was paid a year in advance, yet they apparently lost my paperwork and could not even call my insurer.  Instead they sent me a letter saying they would be purchasing insurance for me, since I did not have an active policy.  Absolutely insane. I wouldn't borrow another dime from them and I certainly won't have my bank accounts there.  Really awful.

Approval was easy less than 5 minutes. Favorite card on the planet. My credit score was around 650 with a total credit limit of $800 on two cards. Got approved for $15,000.

They are currently the best credit union the world and they are 24 hours love there service number 1 in business hands down no questions everyone in my family has A account  with them and at least a car loan and a house mortgage with them they have the lowest interest rate I’ Seen everyone is happy with them 5 stars I would tell anyone to join this credit union they are lifesavers in the financial world

I’ve been a member of NFCU for 40 years and have ALWAYS had an excellent experience with this Credit Union. Great rates, great benefits, and awesome customer service. My only complaint is that I live in Kansas City and the closest branch is up in Fort Leavenworth even though there are thousands of military/retirees living in the KC Metro. NFCU took my input for consideration and hopefully a branch will be moving into the city. But otherwise it’s a fantastic financial institution that my entire family belongs to. We have everything from investment accounts, mortgages, personal loans, checking, savings & credit card accounts and we couldn’t be more happy! If you’re able, JOIN!

Navy Federal Credit Union Installment Loans are one of the few that allow Shared Secured Loans which can help your credit profile if you're lacking a loan.

Solid card. CLI up to $25k with soft pull only. Financial review over $25k. Cash rewards immediately available on settlement. High limit $80k.

I love navy federal credit union and how they take care of me and my wife. They gave us a chance when not to many other banks would now my credit score is in excess of 700

Navy Federal credit Union is the best. We have all our banking needs here at Navy Federal. We have our savings account and we have a mortgage and credit cards. Awesome service and great customer service 24/7

Absolutely worst experience ever. Lost documents, multiple requests for more documents, changed expediters over the holiday and failed to communicate and share docs requiring more of our time. They took &gt;45 days to confirm employment, leaving us scrambling to make closing date.  We have credit score &gt;835, no debt, attempting finance investment property with 60% cash down, 20+ year loyal customers . No reason for this BS. We told them to take a flying leap and found another lender with .5% lower rate. Never again NF!

Navy Federal Credit Union is the worst credit union I have ever dealt with and I have felt with a few   Their loan department treat you terrible and they won't help you in any way when you have a question or a problem   Their customer service is also the worst to I have ever experienced  If you are looking for a new bank run from Navy Federal as fast as you can

My Navy Federal account is the best credit card I have.   No foreign transaction fees, no balance transfer fees, a lower than average APR AND 1.5% cash back.   Cant beat it.

Awesome credit union. Wish I would have joined earlier in life. Gives adequate credit loan access.  Reports payments onetime. Always accessible twenty four hours seven days a week. Customer service representatives are amazing

If you live in central california DO NOT bank with then it will eventually turn into a disaster. . There are no N.F.C.U. ATM's. Anywhere you'll have to use other ones from different souces so if you deposit.a check waiting time for it to clear may take up to 10 days or more.

This is a great institution, the benefits and customer satisfaction is top notch. They serve military members, family and sponsored friends, as well as DoD.

The whole "member for life" thing is a bunch of bs. I had since financial issues years ago and had some loans that got closed out as a loss. I was then told that I couldn't access my account that I had with them and the money was sent to the state as unclaimed funds because the account hasn't been used. I asked if I could start  a new account and they said no I was no longer eligible.

TERRIBLE. NFCU went to using a third party application system.  I would never go back there.  Go conventional and stay away from veteran loans, by far more expensive.  The government does nothing to help military veterans.  Stay away from NFCU home loans.

Navy Federal Credit Union is the BEST! I have never been so happy, with all the options and terms they offer they cannot be beat! Highly recommend to all!

Always low rates even when working to rebuild credit always friedly and helpful and the best part is they are open 24/7 even most holidays hell you can even refinance on a sunday

Quick and easy process! They approved me for more than what I requested, I found the car I needed and wanted. The rest is history.

This financial institution has the greatest customer service department! Kudos to them for their faithful service.  I am always greeted pleasantly.

Excellent customer service, rewards program and benefits offered through card. Instant payment posting with Navy Federal Checking or Savings account.

Best secured credit card from a bank. I have had this card and the rewards are awesome. Highly recommend this card for rebuilding credit.

Love working with Navy Federal Credit Union. They always give great rates and excellent customer service. Will definitely keep using them.

I paid back the loan with little interest this was great for me because I was in. Bind and I was approved instantly money was there in 5 minutes

Worthless and doesn’t even help increase my credit score. No use to me chdjd sidjehdjdkwkehfueiduehrbesdkddjeific djdjdjdjdskedrfd

We are members with this bank since 2013. We applied for loans several times to be turn down every-time, with no reason. We hate to use the race card, however, it appear they are in fact racist against  African American in regards to cars, and mortgage loans.

I haven't been with you long NFCU but what I've seen in service and trust so far is soooooooooooooooo far ahead of any other CC or financial entity. I highly recommend all those who don't know NFCU  (IF) you can find a way in to their organization do whatever it takes to get in, (see qualify member page) you will not be disappointed. They run their operation like a great financial institution should be ran. Kudos to to you in charge of making those difficult day-to day decisions but most of all the staff that runs the day-to-day operations on the ground. Your very impressive!! From you the the tellers at the branches to you who answer the phones.

Low interest rate - 14%, High credit line - (20k) with a 763 credit score. Prior military and this is the only credit union I'd belong to. A+

Best Credit card I ever had flexibility and higher limits  no penalties for forgetting a payment just call them up and you get grace period can be use anywhere in the country had no problem with my account at all was able to freeze and unfreeze on my Mobil app iam just happy to have a Navy federal credit card .

Very sastified was very simple and easy to use, friendly phone staff answer any question I had, also worked with me when I was late.

For some reason they don’t have enough staff in the mortgage department to keep up with the amount of work. They complain to customer that they are too busy and don’t enough time to do follow up with the customer

Excellent card company.   Easy website and call center when you pay your bill.  Easy to speak to a customer service person.  Easy to read statements

Very pleased this far with Navy Federal credit card.  Can't wait to significantly knock down my balance and to see what 2020 brings with a major purchase on the horizon

Absolutely adore Navy Federal, they've been soo good to me and I'm truly thankful I joined the Navy Federal family.  Looking forward to working with them on a major purchase in 2020.

Navy federal is by far a better bank than most that are out there including bank of America the nrewards card is amazing I love the rates and how the points can be redeemed at anytime I believe your points are good for 4 years just a great card

Great card and practical for our purposes. Easy access to cash and important for travel and lodging during our retirement; easy to manage.

Worst Credit Union, they are now using trolls with fake reviews to clean up there 80 percent bad reviews. All the professional script TexT with product ads and a little cartoon are fake. This is a computer based robotic system of paid review. Pre created to cover up and misrepresent the consumer or there customer service reviews. And products. Fake. Scam and illegal.

Been with navy federal credit union for over 25 years, I’ve never had a bad experience. Professional, responsive always. I will always be with NFCU

Always been a great bank for 18 years. Happy to bank with Navy Federal Credit Union.  I recommend NFCU to any military family for your banking needs

Best ever. Very low closing cost and excellent customer service. Must be a military veteran or an immediate family member. Provides mortgage commitments pre-buy.

I have nothing special to say about this card. I have had a good experience with Navy Federal. This review requires 130 characters to submit. Really?

They worked with me and gave me a chance. I appreciate the opportunity to reestablish my credit. Navy Fed has been there for me when I needed them the most.

Great interest rate on this card and I love the ease and color! Credit unions are better! I love the cash back reward program on this

The wallet hub app is an interesting app but I haven’t really been able to use it for true savings. The app appears to be focused on marketing and hawking products.

Excellent card for my needs. The rewards are instant and can be redeemed at any time. This has been my new go to card for everyday purchases.

NFCU made buying a car effortless, no haggling at the dealership, walked in pre-approved. Drove away an hour later without any hassle.

Would be great if they applied all the late.fees and extra balance increase adjustment fees to my principal loan and offered to refinance on better terms. I'll keep dreaming. One thing ill say is they have great customer service.

I started out with a secured card with a limit of $700.   Made payments on time and then out of no where they changed it from a secured to a non-secured with a $2k limit!  Great card!

Great credit union.  Started with a secured credit card with $200 limit , graduated after 6 months and was raised to $ 2000 . Great customer service . Thanks Navy Fed .

I refinanced my car it was easy and customer services is is always very friendly and helpful. I will remain a customer for life. Thanks NFCU

This is an excellent credit union that served those who serve our country.  Fair, polite, knowledge, I  have complete confidence in their customer service folks.  Basically,  I’m extremely happy??

That is the best bank I’ve ever experienced with if there’s any kind off issue one phone call with navy feds will get it all settled they go out of there way for their customers.

I love Navy Federal for everything they offer honestly. I made them my primary financial institution back in September and they have been nothing but great to me. The approved me for a Checking Line Of Credit last month which is awesome never know what might comes up. Barely use it but hey its  a great back up to have. Another thing I want to say is that Navy Federal is very generous with lending. I did a refinance for my car 2 months ago and they gave me a much lower rate also GAP insurance as well (which my old credit union did not offer me for some reason.) Also I started a secured credit card 3-4 months back. Its still secured I have to wait for 6 months to be considered for that particular secured card to become unsecured. But here is the funny thing. I applied for a regular cashREWARDS credit card yesterday and got approved for a $5,000 line which is awesome. It was so unexpected for my credit line to be that high. They are very generous and go on a number of things other than your credit score. BANK HERE!

Excellent service.  Great credit union.  They care about their members.  The process was easy and they follow-up immediately to let you know they have assigned a personal banker.

Keeps me in track, great tool, i love the notifications I receive in my email, I have peace knowing my credit score is being monitored by wallethub

I really like navy federal they provide me with everything that I need quickly and efficiently with no issues and no problems I just walk in them. I will continue to do business with them as long as I keep treating me the way they have

Great! Will take out another loan with them. Easy terms and conditions. Easy set up and convenient app to make my online payments...

Love Navy Federal! BEST CREDIT UNION nothing but great experiences with the in the past 20 years! Friendly, nice rates on their products.

If they only updated the credit report to show this account is paid in full and it was closed due to fraud. I would be much happier

This is the best card I have! Everyone should get one. The best customer service. I use this card all the time. I recommend this card highly.

The rewards here are upfront. You see what you're getting and there's direct transferability for flights, cash back, gift cards, etc. The challenge is the exclusivity of being a member of the bank, but if your can secure access, you should definitely get this card.

Worst bank. You will have good credit , good income to credit ratio and they will still deny your loan. Good for nothing bank Don't waste your time and having them run your credit for nothing

The best card in my wallet! Cash rewards can be redeemed & deposited directly in your NFCU checking or savings. Very generous with their limits!

Balance transfer for 12 months helped me to raise my credit score and have a healthy savings account. I’ll be able to buy a house and get married.

I opened an account with NFCU when I was still on active duty military. Upon departure from military service, I had a very hard time adjusting to civilian life, as I had no family, and a disability.  Despite working two part-time jobs, there was one month I was unable to pay my minimum payment. Even though I explained the situation, and said I would pay as soon as I got my next paycheck, Navy Federal's response was to inundate me and my relatives with multiple phone calls each day...I would say it was more like hourly phone calls. They told my relatives that I was delinquent on my bills. It was humiliating. So much for your lip service about honoring veterans.  I will never forget how I was treated at a very tough time in my life. Now, I am in a much better place and would never recommend NFCU to anyone. After closing my account, wouldn't you know, I got a nasty email from Navy Fed saying "We've notified you several times about the importance of updating your address..." I think there is a serious customer service issue with Navy  Fed. I want to make sure that no one I know will ever do business with them.

I have never had a problem with navy fed until here recently. Someone tried to pull out a loan in my name am the restricted my account, which I thank them for, but what I have a problem with is that I can’t do anything with my account. I can’t log on to check my funds, can’t pay my bills, and can’t do anything that involves MY money because it is restricted. This happened on the 5th or 6th of November and they are telling me I can’t access my account till after thanksgiving. They need to fix the fucking system so that I can use my card again. Once this is resolved I am changing to a new bank, which a working at a branch told me to do, and I’m never looking back.

You can’t not go wrong with anything coming from Navy Federal. They may not a elaborate reward or point system. But they understand their customers

Always the best for auto loans. Looking forward to other offers and products. I am liking forward to receiving their many other loans, products, and offers.

Review of Navy Federal Credit Union More Rewards Amex Card: This card was already great and then they made it better! 3% back on restaurants, gas, groceries and transit. No annual fee. Sometimes there’s even a sign on bonus for this card! You have to become a member with at least a savings account to obtain any credit products from Navy. The rewards points for this card are 1 cent per point and can be redeemed for cash in $50 increments (deposit into Checking/Savings). There are also additional ways to redeem the points. Navy is great. If you have a family member who’s eligible to join you can join too- even if they haven’t. This credit union is kind to builders and rebuilders. I started with their secured n-Rewards Card with a $500 limit. That card reports as unsecured and typically graduates in 5 months with an increase to a $2000 credit limit. I got the MoreRewards Amex as my second Navy card. I added the Flagship as my 3rd and final Navy card (the limit is 3). Best financial institution in the US as far as I’m concerned.

Navy Federal will certainly loan you money. They're really good at that. What they won't do is recognize a lemon dealership squeezing you for every penny. Do your research and take your time with an auto loan.

Great company, the customer service is exceptional.  Every one I speak to is well informed and willing to help.  I wish they could get a brick and mortar  location closer to the Charlotte area.  Interest rates are great as well, I look forward to working with  Navy Federal for years to come.

Best service and they've helped me rebuild my credit within 1 year. Thank you NFCU! I just love this credit union so much. I will go to them for auto financing next.

Best bank in the entire country. If I can change something about them it’s that anyone can apply for an account instead of military and family.

Nice to build credit. Needs to be actively used for six months.  Keep open. Don’t close the account as it may affect credit score.

Great customer service and great benefits. Easy approval after being a member for about a month. More than fair credit limit and sign up bonus.

Several options to help build or rebuild credit. Customer service is excellent and on point every time. Very helpful if u have any questions!!

If you are seeking a legitimate financial institution Navy Fed is the best option. Straight to the point without all the unethical business practices.

NFCU is a great place to get a home loan. We have purchased five homes so far with NFCU, and I am sure we will be buying another one or two before we are done with real estate purchases. Their interest rates are always very competitive. One of the pluses is they never sell their home loans to another company. You pay NFCU until the loan is paid, or you sell the home. I have never had an issue during the purchase or selling process on any of the homes we have already gone through. They were all easy, fast, and convenient in their handling. I guess the only drawback to some reading this is you have to be veteran, or some select federal government employee.

NFCU is amazing ! You wont regret getting an account or card with them. I just LOVE NFCU ... always has my back thanks NFCU ! Great

Navy Federal always looks out for their customers and offer very fair and competitive rates! I feel secure in my usage and know that NFCU is always watching out for me.

Nfcu is the best credit union. I live the perks of my visa signature card from them.  Go rewards has the best bang per point...5 stars

I started with a secured card from Navy Federal Credit Union and they upgraded me to a rewards credit card. I didn’t really know what to expect as i had no experience with such cards... come to find out that I over $560 in points which don't expire! Really made my week!

Navy fed saved me $155 per month refinancing with them !!! They are the way to go for your financial needs. 6.1% interest rate from 14% I am geeked.

Best bank ever, they are very helpful at everything especially if you are trying to rebuild because they understand every e has a life.

Absolutely the best when it comes to everything you need in a home loan.  Great rates! Great customer service....always!  I will never change loan services!

I really love this card Not only was it easy to increase my limit the web app is fantastic on your phone and also you get paid to buy the things that you need like gas and food so you make money through really good

Great rewards opportunities, with a decent credit limit. Navy Federal has you back with great customer service. This card is a must have for any current customers of NFCU.

I love NFCU. They are the best credit union ever.  They help you with everything and it is not hard to get a loan approved.  They offer so many things to help you build and save money for the future.

Navy Federal Credit Union is the premier credit Union in my book! They are very accurate, courteous and are very professional. Yet, they make you feel as if you are family Most recently I had to request a $900 loan for a family emergency. Within moments it was in my account. It has been less than 30 days and I have paid all of it back except for $150. They put their back to the wall with me. I am forever grateful!

After 10 years of having navy federal they finally decided to give me a credit card the card is good because the put a they gave me a high credit limit the card is good also because it's linked with my bank account and I like that

This information is one  year old!!  It should be brought up to date especially since the account was paid off in March 2019.  Why is it so out of date?  You know it was paid off since you say so at the beginning of the report.  Please correct this ASAP.

best credit union ever to do buisness with the jave great customer service also which is un matched compared to other credit unions

My Navy Federal Credit Account is wonderful, as a matter of fact Unbelievable,, And i am Truly grateful,,, Thank you for helping me reach my Goals,, Ty,,

I am a disabled veteran and my wife and I were so excited about getting our home loan. We were approved by a great loan officer and put in touch with a "Loan Counselor" who we thought was underwriting. Unfortunately, the loan counselor was extremely unprofessional and communicated with employer's  directly when she did not have permission to do so. As we thought the "Loan Counselor" was underwriting and it turns out that they new employees to Navy Federal and were most recently employed as a cashier at Lowe's. Seriously? So you're telling me, that my wife and I are giving our financial personal document and confidential information to someone not qualified? To make matters worse, after giving all of our information to our Loan Processor who went on vacation, when the "Loan Counselor" called us back she had incorrect facts and misinformation regarding our employment and salaries. The "Loan Counselor" had all of our confidential information and clearly could not take the time to get any of the fact straight to help us close our loan. Our Loan Officer was on vacation. Friday night after silence we received this communication from the former Lowe's employee now working in Navy Federal's mortgage department after we were approved: "I received your loan from underwriting this afternoon and they are not going to extend credit for the loan at this time.  do not have any additional details at this time. You will be receiving a letter in the mail detailing the reasons why underwriting has made this decision to deny your loan." So the loan processor had the information all afternoon and didn't tell us? Never again Navy Federal. Amen.

The Best Credit Union Hands Down. Superior Customer service. Great APR rate. (mine set @ 7.49%) Great starting limits. My first card was the Platinum @ $6k. Second was the NFCU MasterCard @ limit @ $25k 11.9%... I also have certificates and my IRA now with Navy. Can't beat NFCU.

I also have NFCU Platinum card CL $16,100 @ 5.99%. NFCU MasterCard @ $25k @  9.65% + $8k cash advance Limit... All my main accounts are with Navy. NFCU is by far the Best bank/CU. Their customer service is TOP NOTCH. Navy even beats USAA with dividends and credit card rates, Although I refi'd my truck with USAA, I should have did it with Navy, because they offer an additional $200 bonus if you refi with them... Oh well I'm still happy @ 3.99% for my 2015 truck... Go Navy and USAA !!! My credit scores are 780-825 steady over the last 5+ years.

Good card. You should get one. You cant, because its not yours.  Its plastic, has numbers on it.  Some black bar too.  Why do I have to keep typing to reach 130

NFCU is the best. They have a wide range of products and customer service is exceptional. Big on relationships and they care about DTI. Keeping UTI lower is good but they care about products you have with them, your payment history with them and your DTI the most. They will give you a chance to rebuild and reward you with an unsecured card in as quick as 91 days if you show them you are mature and responsible. They have won me over. I love them..... I’m here for the long haul

I’ve been working on my credit since 6/19, getting up to a 605. I applied for a secured CC w/ Capital One and they denied me for my own money. That hit me hard, so my mom added me as an authorized user on her card. I’ve been paying off her CC and Paying off all my debts leaving me with just student loans and my financed car balance. I was told Navy Federal was a great CU to have while building credit so in Aug I joined the team. In sept my CS dropped 50 pts out of no where. I tried my best not to be discouraged. Yesterday, I read all of these reviews now that my credit is 570 I figured hey, why not? I was approved with a 20k limit, 12.99% APR and 0 annual fee. Not bad for my very first CC. Thank You Navy Federal. God Works in  mysterious ways! ??

ZERO HELP! Went with them worst mistake ever. Deposited check and they held it for 4 business days. No one could do ANYTHING about it.

This bank is no good! I have been with them for 3 years. They have screwed me over with my truck being stolen and now I’m still having to finish paying it off. I keep getting locked out of my account and money getting pulled out without my permission or knowing where it’s going. Their systems are always down and can’t pay bills due to it because it shuts all the transactions down. This by far is the worst bank possible, I do not recommend.

Navy Fedral Go Rewards VISA   I’ve been with NFCU for 2 years and couldn’t get my original credit card to cli higher than $2900. Decided to app for a second card and found some unbelievable love. Approved with 12% interest and $25,000 limit. This will truly help my utilization as I was at a 55% utilization and 640 score at the time.

DO NOT BANK WITH THESE CROOKS  They will hit you with all kind of hidden charges labeled under vague names. On top of that it's next to impossible to reach them due to their subpar website

I went for a loan for my new home coming out of the Air Force and had my account loan mgr named Nathan as my handler.  For three months I was asked to give them tons of information, military id, employment monies earned etc.  After going through everything, 48 hours before closing... I'm asked to provide proof of military active service, They've had that for months....then I'm asked to provide a copy of my paycheck for one of my jobs 24 hours before closing when they had verified my employment a week prior.  Then on top of that the loan officer first told me I only needed one of my job employment because debt to ratio was fine. They know I'm in the Air Force active duty.  Not once the loan officer ever return phone calls to the builder to confirm closing or anything.  Finally I complained to the President of Navy Federal and Vice President of Navy federal by letter and they have some supervisor over the loan manager call and I explain the situation how this guy was negligent in his duties and failed to communicate with my builder besides requesting a paystub 24 hours prior to closing which I provided.   One hour later to cover the negligence on their employee, they send me a piece of paper denying my loan for my home for "cannot verify employment" which is a load of crap!  What a way to cya.....Navy Federal is not for military active or vets...They lie and lead you on and no regard for the military Navy or Airforce.....the bank is a scam....DONT USE THIS CREDIT UNION...Buyer beware.  Trust me your thank me later.

We had heard nothing but great things about Navy Federal before we decided to choose them as our mortgage lender. At first everything went pretty smoothly. Once we reached the appraisal stage, everything took a turn for the worse. It took them two weeks to send us the final results for the appraisal and during that time, we almost lost the house all because they claimed to be “backed up”. I left two messages for the supervisor for our case and received nothing back. Then we were notified that our processor had changed. That new processor took almost a week to reach out to us, which is a long time considering we were at the final couple of weeks before closing.  Finally, a week before closing, the new processor told us that my mother in law actually could not be approved to buy the house unless her soon to be ex-husband signed to basically approve the purchase as well as (for his sake), sign a homestead exemption. Now, if we had known this before we lost our financing contingency (meaning the clause the protected our escrow (90k)), we probably would have backed out of the deal because I know my father-in-law, and he is a stubborn and selfish man. No legal wording has been good enough for him because indemnities and exemptions don’t always hold up in the court of law. Again, Navy Federal did not do their due diligence and decided to let us know SOMETHING THIS IMPORTANT ONE WEEK FROM CLOSING AFTER OUR ESCROW WAS NO LONGER PROTECTED! They have backed us into a corner and I have left multiple complaints with customer service representatives and have heard ABSOLUTELY NOTHING BACK FROM ANY SUPERVISOR OR PERSON OF INFLUENCE. If I could leave zero stars, I would.

Both my husband and Dad are veterans and were both denied a VA loan !!!!!! This bank does not help vets as they claim !! It took four weeks for them to tell us we don’t qualify for a VA loan !!!!! My husband just came back from Afghanistan!!!!!

I have been banking with navy federal for several years now to include multiple accounts and a home mortgage.  I have a good credit score and never missed any payments.  I went to apply for an additional loan and received poor service, including a condescending attitude when discussing my options.  NFCU  then denied my small loan application and was not willing to assist me when I needed a loan.  I applied at another military supported institution and received the opposite treatment.  Worst banking service and support a long standing member could have, I have since converted all of my banking needs, I would highly advised banking elsewhere!

In my opinion , the visa signature Kash rewards kredit kard is The Best kredit Kard on the market! ! And if you apply and get approval, Before Aug 31 2019 the APR is only 0.99% for the first twelve months!!!

I applied on tuesday night after receiving another invitation letter from Navyfederal to apply. My CS is at 640 with 3 things in collections totaling about 1250 and my credit card utilization is at 70%. I thought i was gonna get denied, but since i had i ly 1 inquiry i did it just to see what the outcome would be. The following morning i was approved for 15k. I couldn't believe it lol Thank GOD cuz i needed to consolidate debt lol Navy Federal is the BEST!

I have been with NFCU since 2001 and have used them twice before for my mortgage loans.  I never had an issue with them until this currently loan that I am currently in the process for.  The loan department has a serious communication problem and it is extremely unprofessional how they have dealt with me.  I literally have to BEG someone to reach out to me to explain what is going on with my loan.  I am a veteran and I recommend that my fellow veterans utilize a bank that has the courtesy to reach out to you, not just email, and explain things to you.  And make you feel as though they care about your business.    I notice that things began to change with this bank when they eased the restrictions on getting accounts.  If you want professionalism and a bank that does not have a problem communicating, do not use NFCU.

Our experience was and continues to be horrendous.  The loan processors and supervisors do not respond to calls or emails.  We were repeatedly told misleading information regarding the status of our loan and despite timely submission of required documents we have missed our closing date and still have no resolution.  The delays, caused by Navy Federal&#x2019;s procrastination and all around disregard for their consumers has cost us thousands of dollars.

HORRRRRIBLE!! KIM NASSI WAS OUR MORTGAGE OFFICER. She barely ever gave us any information when we would ask for it. 3 days before the first closing date she decided to tell us that we did not have enough employment information submitted to her. Not sure why she asked three days before when she had three months to figure everything out but basically that messed up the mortgage and did not allow us to get a house. Not only did we not get the house but the agent and broker kept the closing cost of $4,000. Not only did that happen but I had to contact the head mortgage person of Navy Fed for my appraisal back. Never ever use them ever!

If I could give Navy Federal 0 stars I would. I am a 1st time home buyer and my experience was terrible from the submission of my application. Never go to a branch to submit an application. Customer service (mortgage officers) is unacceptable as they are not responsive. When I wanted to get an up date on my application-the response I received based on their lack of responsiveness was that &#x201c;we have received hundreds of thousands of applications and were sorry we are just extremely busy. Well-I guess being responsive to your members is not a part a priority.  If your a 1st time buyer do not look for Navy Federal to guide you through the process or even show you that you matter at all.

I got this card to begin rebuilding my credit and to establish a relationship with Navy Federal. My fifth billing statement was June 19th, 2019 and today I checked my account and I was given an $1800 increase and my initial $200 deposit was returned to my savings account. I was never late on a payment, the NFCU app for my checking, savings, and credit account made it super easy to stay on top of my finances. Super happy with this card!

Applied for this card for the low APR offering as I already had everything else covered. Instant approval of 15.5K @ lowest APR-data pt. (768 Fico8 EQ in NC)This card serves the purpose I wanted along with fabulous customer service,a stellar reputation and I've always received friendly service the few times I needed assistance.

Started out with nrewards secured 1k last year around this time. Graduated to unsecured in August with 3k. Got an invitation to apply for SigCash Rewards was approved within 2mins for $25k, lower interest rate than my other two cards and good promo. Navy is def a very generous partner if you&#x2019;re handling your business; paying ontime and keeping utilization&#x2019;s low.

My credit score is 620 median (fico 8). Got approved for a 20k limit. I do have a long history with navy federal (1993) so that may have helped. Wife applied after I did for a separate line of credit and they have her 25k. Her credit is around 640-650.

I was approved for 15k and my TR was 639. But it was my income that was the greatest factor. My other two cc accounts were paid to zero showing low utilization, and my installment loan showed a good payment history. I think you have to wisely understand and time your application according to what it will show the underwriters. They also take into account how you handle your checking account. It&#x2019;s not just about responsible usage, but ability to pay. Oh and also Navy Fed has their own Credit Rating System. Yes they use FICO as the major guideline but in-house they have their own score system. If FICO is 300-850 they have something like 100-400, (that may not be accurate) Not many people know of this in-house rating system. Not even people who work in branch offices.  NavyFed actually gave me my score when I got my Credit Card. They are great. I&#x2019;m very satisfied. I plan to eventually apply for the Visa Flagship once my score gets higher.

Thankful for this opportunity. I applied on 7/16 for the GO REWARDS CC and was Instantly approved for 15k. Prior to me restoring my credit starting November 2018 , my scores were trending in the 450&#x2019;s. Upon application Ex: 677, TU 670 & EQ 659. For the Go rewards card my TU report was pulled. On Sunday of this same week Navy federal also financed me a 2019 Honda Accord. For the auto loan TU and EQ were pulled. 6.24% interest rate which is the best I&#x2019;ve ever had.

Worthless card. They claim fraud protection, but after years with them, an internet retailer took my money and did nott send me the product. Navy Federal was no help, and charged me anyway! Stick with Discover!

No Annual Fee, Low APR, High Credit Limit, and 0% intro for transfers. I have been building credit for the last 3 years and my other cards have me at 26+% and no more than 2k in limits. This card did right by me. (Approved for 20k limit at 699 credit score with 13.49%APR)

An automatic credit card payment was delayed because the ball was dropped when I had to report fraud on a debit card linked to personal checking apparently knocking out the automatic payment option.  However, the customer service representative handling the debit card incident told me there would be no problem.  WRONG!  The problem is with the Navy Federal Credit Union 'reporting'.  A customer service representative did help straighten out the problem but obviously this incident report from Wallet Hub is not in the loop. So, I'm giving this whole "incident" ZERO STARS for the combination of Navy Federal and Wallet Hub information exchange.

Hello,  had this card for about 2 years. I used and paid my charges off for many months with no problem I didn&#x2019;t  have a problem with the card until I was a victim of FRAUD. I filed a police report and submitted all the paperwork to the fraud department but in their eyes I was responsible . How could I have charge $13k in one day after I had just paid it off. If you look at my trend and spending, Its obvious it was fraud. I had 2 others cards impacted due to this fraud ( chase and discover). While these other creditors resolved the issues and helped me, navy credit union credit card department would not. They then took OUT MONEY out of my account without my consent. After I called them on that , their reponse was; we can from any source available without your consent. My FICO score was 750 NOW it&#x2019;s in the low 500. I was preparing to buy a home . Thanks navy, I got scam by a hacker and you.  I was taught by my veteran father to pay my bills and I have. I should not be paying for a fraud or scam. This is the only red flag now on my report. Today, they called my sister. I don&#x2019;t l know how they got her info or why they would call her to harasses her at work. They are unprofessional, unfair and don&#x2019;t care if you are a victim of Fraud. In their eyes , you owe

Let me just say, NOT much difference in "For edeposit only" and "For deposit only".  Wow, just wow!! Because I didn't put the small little e before the word deposit they REJECTED the deposit!!! I have NEVER had a bank treat this before this way.  USAA, no problem.  Randolph Brooks CU, no problem.  NFCU, petty BS!!!! since this may lead to a delay in funds available as they waited 24 hours to tell me, and now have to wait another 48 hours, it will lead to possible NSF. This is crazy.  Time to close there account and take ALL my business elsewhere.

The worst service I have ever experienced with a checking account. I was given wrong information twice by the same person. I signed 3 of my siblings up under me with 2 of them signing up online via a join now icon that promised they and their sponsor would receive $25. Well, one of my siblings received the $25 but they are denying me as the sponsor the $25 and they are denying my other sibling her $25. We had to call 5 times to finally get it resolved. I will not be referring anyone else to them because they lie and are not people of integrity.

Awesome at some things HORRIBLE at others. Tried to refi my mortgage with them. You can't get a straight answer from anyone. They won't give you a real quote unless you apply and run your credit. The loan originator said my closing costs could be as low as a few thousand dollars or as much as twelve thousand... Wth?? And the only one that can tell you is the loan officer who you can't speak with unless... You apply and run your credit. Thanks but no thanks. Found a better rate and a better loan somewhere else!

Absolute worst service I have ever gotten from any bank ever. Never willing to help. Can&#x2019;t even do simple math to find out how much they owe you. Have tons of excuses as to how they can&#x2019;t help you. I will never refer this bank to anyone except my worst enemies due to the stress and high blood pressure they cause. A company of crooked criminals without any soul. I spit and fart on the name navy fed and hope one day they crumble under the weight of their own rediculous, ignorant, filthy, degenerate, idiotic, hubristic, criminal ways and spend the rest of their pathetic lives rotting in a small cell with no windows.

This company is a scam. Stole $280 from my SAVINGS, and refused to acknowledge it. They are thieves to say the least. This is shameful for a company that supposedly caters to service members. Do not, i repeat DO NOT start a savings account ( or checking) with these criminals.

I wish I could select black poop for them in the rating but only show stars. This is a scam credit union and everyone should avoid these scammers even if its is the last bank on earth for you. I have had checking savings credit card accounts with them for almost over 4 year now. I'm employeed for pat 5 years. For 2 years im making 70,000$. Credit rating 780. Never missed single payment. Debt ratio less than 20%. The kept sending invitations for house loan and car loans multiple time. Representatives persuaded me to apply for car loans telling me I have excellent credit rating and i would certainly get aproval for even high amount loan. When I decided to apply for only 16000$ car loan they declined giving a hard hit to my credit score and telling me a reason that you switched and got promoted to a new role 5 months a go thats why we r declining ur application. Lending team, suprrvisors have no idea and no knowledge about clear process. They would just bs with ur head for hrs with shitty explainations. They try to convience you with assumptions and hypothesis. Even though with them i had $27,0000 credit limit, while around $25,000 available in one of there chking accounts. Next few hrs I put applications with citi and UW  credit union and both got accepted. Big disappointment! Dont waste ur time and money with these scammers!! You'll regret when you're in need. I transferred all my money from these scammers to other banks.

I love this card... I was approved for 15,000...my three scores are between 708 to 750... I've always been fortunate to make great money in the I.T. field...after the military I pay cash for all my purchases...after not use my credit for 20 years... I didn't have any credit anymore so I had to start all over again period...eight month later here I am...

Good rates, 24 hr/day cust serv, personnel extremely professional. client since 2002. savings, checking, credit card currently. have had other services and products. I have no complaints. I have a strong recommendation of their ethics, business and financial practices, and most importantly... you are not a number! you are a member with vested interests. go for it.

I switched from USAA to NFCU thinking a credit union would be more beneficial.  All I have experienced in the past year has been longer than usual hold times, rude bank tellers, and incorrect information. So tired of it, switching back to USAA.

I applied for a credit card, and I didn&#x2019;t get approve, So I went for the nRewards secured credit card and had to put a $500 dollars upfront. After 5 months Navy federal convered the credit card from a secured to an unsecured, returned the 500 dollars back and gave me a $2000 credit limit on my new card. I didn&#x2019;t even have to call asking them to convere it to an unsecured (of course I was making my payments on time every month) My credit score is looking very nice and ever since them I started getting approved for others unsecured credit cards. Thank Navy Federal

This bank is a scam they take your money when you pay a bill and say it&#x2019;s not in there and charges you 29 dollars for a return fee and you have the money in there and money in savings and I had the bill set up already and I got paid on the same day it comed out I cannot help they didn&#x2019;t let the money come though because it was a holiday my job still sent the money and they will not even help me out with it

I sent my proof of title 3 times they still raised my interest rate to 16% on a new vehicle loan! This bank is garbage I have been with them for 7 years and over that past year or so I have noticed they went down hill fast I&#x2019;ll be canceling my accounts soon

I do not recommend NFCU to anyone looking for a bank.  The advertise they support their members but this is not true.  I have been a member for over 20 years and through their policies are keeping almost 3,000.00 dollars I have in escrow.  I have tried numerous times to have them issue my money to me but they are refusing to do so.  3K may not seem like a lot of money to them but apparently if you become a member you are just another number

Recommended by real estate agent who was a navy veteran as am I.  Had fond memories of making my first loan at 18 from them in 1970 to buy a stereo system in Hong Kong.   THIS IS NOT THE SAME CREDIT UNION,  they have gotten way too large and with that comes inefficiency and problems.  That what we are finding in our real estate loan, supposed to close December 21st, Today the 18th was told that the loan was approved but had "a few more items" to close so it was cancelled and with the holiday will be after Christmas. Dont care about the people and definitely dont care about Veterans.  Having something happen like this with no logical explanation is a warning to me not to do any more business.

it is the most unprofessional bank I have ever dealt with and will never use them again and also will tell everyone I know to never use them. it is a shame what they can get away with, everyone should know

This is the most disorganized and unprofessional bank I have ever dealt with. Don&#x2019;t be fooled by there low loan rates! They will drag the process on forever and then last minute try to raise the rates and ask for personal information that is unneeded.  I am prior military and disgusted with this bank. Canceled my accounts and not one ? From them on why. The only reason they survive is because our military boys and girls are pushed to there institutions. My advice to all active military is there is a lot better deals out there  LOOK PAST THIS BANK AND YOU WILL FIND THEM.

This is the worst institution I've EVER dealt with. Every time you call they have some new security requirement you have to add to your account or some new detail you have to give them in order to access your information. I understand the need for security but the ever changing rules are ridiculous. In addition to that, they request information completely unnecessary to the loan process; stuff that is really none of their business or relevant to the loan process. We've had several loans with them over the years and they get worse each year. We've had to submit paperwork (the SAME paperwork) 3 times just to try and transfer a loan we ALREADY HAVE to have my son added on it (his car loan). They keep saying it's wrong when it's absolutely correct and what they're asking for.....look again. They are completely frustrating to deal with!

Having the hardest time with them. Was switching banks to them, went to deposit funds to NFCU. The check posted to my NFCU account, but then some payments I forgot to cancel in my old account went through. My old bank posted those payments and then took this check back for insufficient funds, despite this check being deposited to NFCU first and on pay day. When the check to NFCU posted, I spent some because I saw the check posted. I get an email from NFCU about fraudulant activity on my activity in my account and to call security. I did, spoke with a nice rep., and explained what happened. My account went from close to $700 with this check to something like -$600...I asked they guy what happened, he explained there was some hold, he removed, said I was still at -$100, and I said that's fine as I'd be getting paid again soon and would have the funds direct deposited to my NFCU account. Well, I check my account on payday (yesterday) and get an error message saying to call customer service because my request can't be processed. Spoke with someone else who was pretty rude. He said my account had been permanently disabled due to check fraud and that my account is personally disabled! I was told by security that my account was well and never once received communication about the account being disabled. I was on the phone this time for close to an hour while he called security, bounced back between me and them, and again said my account was disabled due to this "fraud", and that the hold could not be cleared, and with no way to re-instate the account. He said my check will go through but I can only take the money out in cash or get a cashier's check mailed, and those are my only options. I asked why the first guy in security said my account was fine and he said "I can't speak for him." Wow, very helpful. I said there was no fraud, because I wrote the check and deposited ON PAYDAY, and he said he can't help. I said I need the money for bills and he just said he understsands and stayed silent. I then asked where my money is and he said he isn't sure because there were no pending deposits on the account. I confirmed with payroll at work and was told they sent the check to my NFCU account, so I am unsure what is happening. He said to call back later and see if the check was put in. I called security to verify what he said, and again was treated poorly, and was told I can get cash or a Western Union once the funds are in the account because they "won't hold my money hostage", which is a lie because they are! I am travelling this week for Thanksgiving and need the money, plus need to grocery shop, get gas for work, etc. They are being incredibly difficult, and once this is over, they will never get my business again, nor will I suggest them to friends and family.

Summary: Stay away from this bank!! Trust me! Stay a w a y!!  This bank SUCKS. I wish I could give them 0 stars. The only reason why I opened a business account with this bank was that they were now accepting Zelle payments which allows me to transfer money from  other banks in no time. This was the longest and most painful application I've ever been through with a bank (So you may think that it will be so worth it once you finally open the account), well..  1) They only have one location in South Florida, and if you want to deposit money on an ATM you have to drive there, so I thought Zelle payments would help me.. and then..  2) Zelle payments is not available for business accounts!!!!!!!!!!! , so I had a check to deposit just to save that 2 hours roundtrip to an ATMMMMM in 2018!!! .. I try to do online check deposit and then... bam, I wasn't able to do it because I had to have my account open for 30/45 days before depositing anything online!!!!  At this point I'm trying to keep it cool, but the only way that I can do deposits into my account is via Online transfer or direct deposits. Online transfers takes around 3% of the total, so on average I spend $120 on fees just because the only ATM in south florida is so far away.  3) I had to do a quick wire transfer, couldn't find a way to do it online so I called the bank, I spent around 30 minutes on the phone doing everything over the pone because that was the only way to do it.. yes, like back 1975.  4) Here is the most fustrating one, I get a deposit, as soon as I get it I moved my money (Few transactions and transfer to other accounts), their system was behind and when they were posting the transactions they charged me NINEEE (9!) overdraft fees at $29 each, thats equal to $261 in overdraft fees AT ONCE and their reason was "You should've waited for the transaction to post (Which takes around two days)" so on top of all that bs, I HAVE TO WAIT TO USE MY MONEY!!!!!! When I asked to get transferred to a manager they pretty much put me on hold and then sent me back to the main menu. I'm currently on a 40 minutes phone call and still waiting to talk to someone.  WORST BANK EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

When I go into a branch, I may have to wait a few minutes because of a line, which is normal.  I have had to call the NFCU customer service for credit card issues, and once when I disputed a charge, they refused to back me when I was in the right.  I did get a car loan, which was painless.  Besides that, I've always dealt with customer service and hadn't had any problems.  They're always nice and helpful to me.  I've recommended NFCU to family members.

I Just Had To Close My Account. Navy Federal Credit Union Treated Me Like I Stole Something. I Just Moved to Texas And Open a Account. No Problems Then My Son Decided To Go Through Navy Federal Credit Union For A Mortgage When He Got His Account, He Put Me As A Co-Owner So I Could Help Take Care of Any Business. Well on Accident He Transposed The Last 2 Digits of My SS#. I'm The One To Call Them and Alerted Them of This Mistake....OMG... Call the FBI They Treated Me Like We Were Trying To Get Away with Murder... The Put a Hold on Mines and My Sons Account, They Had Me Go In With All My ID, SScard, Birth Certificate... I Went In To Branch Showed All My Credentials The Rep Called Security in Front of Me and Verified Everything, They Then Told Me That The Account Would Be Back in Status in 2 Working Days. I Called Today.. Day 3 And They Told Me I Had To Fax Over The Same Information That They Had Me Take Off My Job To Go and Do. Once She Received The Information She Then Stated To Call Them In 1 Hour. I Waited 4 Hours Called Back And They Stated NOoooooo It Will Take 5-7 Business Days To Fix This Matter. So What Am I Suppose To Do With You Guys Holding My Money Hostage?.... I Told Them To Close The Account. And Send All Monies Back To Me Immediately. WORSE EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD WITH A BANKING INSTITUTE.!!!!!

Have been a long-time member of NFCU (20 plus years), my spouse longer than that, and 2 adult sons 20 plus years as well.  This is the first time NFCU has disappointed us. My very accomplished adult son just got denied a mortgage.  Not sure what one has to do in order to get a mortgage via NFCU, but we will encourage at every chance we can to encourage anyone never to join NFCU and certainly never to apply for a mortgage.  Son has 800 (plus) credit score, Zero debt, 8 month emergency fund (in NFCU), and probably more in his IRA than most 60-year-olds. Will never recommend NFCU to anyone ever again.  I understand risks, but really, not sure what risk NFCU would have to take with a track record like that.  So much for their mission statement:  "Be the most preferred and trusted financial institution serving the military and their families."  Not happening ever again.

so several months ago navy federal decided to forward my statements to a girl I dated 9 years ago. the only way I found out was because she contacted me about it and send me the statement. When I called navy federal they had no explanation of what happened. During that same period I stated micro managing my accounts. Come to find out they had been taxing my daughters certificate account. So I called them and requested for a refund and two months later nothing. I called and spoke to one lady who claimed I never called. So I asked her how come they stopped taxing the account two months ago and she decided to transfer me to a manager after I caught her lying. Unfortunately at the end of it they refused to refund $20.08 that they tax her account and the manager blamed me for putting in the wrong application, I have three child accounts and mysterious I put in one wrong app when they are the ones that fill the app on their computers. I will close out all my accounts with navy federal when the terms are up. so disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This review is specifically about needing technical support for online banking.  Everytime I go into a branch everyone is fantastic.  For a company as big as Navy Federal, technical support for online problems is the worst I have ever dealt with.  I originally could not access my account through the desktop computer version.  I called technical support to see if they could look into the problem.  The representative stated that we needed to reset my password.  I quickly learned that the only procedure the technical support knew is to reset a password.  After spending one hour and ten minutes on the phone with the technician, I can not login to any of my online information.  I explained to the representative that I had tried to use Safari, Chrome, Mozilla, Edge, and Explorer and had the same problem on them all.  Every time I fill out all of the information for a new password it just says sorry technical difficulties, please try again later. The technician told me to try and visit a branch and he would put in service ticket and I would hear something in 2-5 business days.  I went to the branch today and the women who helped me in the branch were fantastic.  Two representatives tried to help me get technical assistance to with no luck.  After 45 minutes spent on the phone with a technicians while at the branch I was once again told nothing they could do.  I don't understand how Navy Federal doesn't have a technical support representative that I can talk to, that know how to do anything more than a password reset.

terrible. Terrible return check practices.How do you charge someone $29.9 X3 = $87 for 3 failed items from same merchant on the same day. not like you are dealing with three different items or merchants. waive 2.   I bank with 2 other banks - they'll at lease allow you up to 8pm to pay the money.  Don't try it if you use them for everyday transactions. Absolute bs. Third world country bank ways

Zero Communication Time Consuming RUDE Incompetent Not Human Takes Forever Confusing  Wasted My Money AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID you will be sorry if you don't BAD BAD BAD BAD

I don't even want to give this bank 1 star. They suck. They take money when they aren't supposed to, then they make the customer jump through hoops to get it back. They are unreliable and have no communication within the bank. If you want to tell your story to 8 different people and be on hold for 45 minutes each time, then this bank is perfect for you.

high interest. somewhat difficult dispute process or at the very least its not up to par with major credit card such as chase, Citi, but total overall id say 4.25 stars. I love navy federal credit union

Dont be confused with a pre approval code.  All they told me was its a pre approval to apply.  Isnt everyone that has a navy federal account pre approved to apply? No!!!!  Ive been building my credit score to purchase a house in my name only.  A credit card would do the trick (Being my first). It didnt help, in fact it hurt my score.  Thanks Navy Federal your a joke.  Who sends out a preapproval to apply for a card? Ive been a memebr for 5 years now and as far as i was informed anyone is preapproved to apply.  Why send out wasted resources for something that isnt actually pre approved? Im highly disappointed with Navy federal, so much im honestly thinking of leaving them and going else where.  Ive been holding out on a credit card because of the chance it would hurt my score,  who wouldve thought, my credit union would be the one to do such.  I couldnt be more upset.   Funny thing is, im told i cant get a credit card because of my credit card history ( 0-credit cards,  2-auto loans in good standing, 100k+ salary/year)  I've never had a credit card, can not get one because I've never had one, but yet have to have credit card history to get one.  How much sense does that make?  Navy Federal is a joke.

Navy federal is the worst place to get a auto loan. Very unhelpful and useless. Regretting ever using them. Once my auto loan is finished I will never use them ever again. I can never get help from them or even get my problem fixed because they just refuse to do so.

I signed up for paperless (e)statements and any other correspondence they might want to send me.  Low and behold, they send me a letter, telling me I overdrafted my account. My main issue is they put my whole account number on that letter. I called and the rep said, they recently udpated the system with new policies, which might be the reason my preference might have been ignored. She also noted that I signed up for e)statements back in March, and the update happened sometime after that. She suggested I go back in and undo my preference for e)statements and then request again for e)statements. BUT Navy Federal why would you send me a letter with my first name, middle initial, last name, address, and complete account number on it? Had the letter made it to the wrong address I could've been an easy target for fraud since all you would have to do is Google Navy Federal routing number. BOOM!

I have been a loyal member of NFCU since I first enlisted in the Marine 10 years ago, and I honestly felt that being a member at NFCU is a special privilege for those who served. However, I recently lost $4,500 to an online fraud that have really devastated my family.  This is result of someone gaining access to my NFCU account and transfer $4,500 from my checking to an external account claimed to be under my name. Despite NFCU knowing the external account does not belong to me, NFCU is holding me accountable, and is only willing to request the return of fund from Bank of America. The account does not belong to me and the fund transferred to that external account is long gone.  What is even more frustrating is the fact I informed NFCU of the fraudulent transfer less than 24 hours after it occurred, and they waited a week to request the  return of fund when the money is long gone. They also is not willing to tell me which devices I have is compromised, simply says your device you did. The agent I spoke to says it is most likely me because it is not likely my device is hack?! And its not their responsibility to care where the money went except I(my device) made the transfer?! I also can not get the information on which one of my devices made the transaction, and have to have the police file a Subpoena?!  I honestly felt I had the best bank in the world until when I needed my bank to step up and help. It is a shame this is one of the few banks available to military members when it wont protect its own customers.

I've sent in a application over 3 weeks ago and been getting the run around from different people... I've sent in multiple documents by via fax and each time a representive would tell me something different each day. As far as applying they have no communication and need to train their representatives how to professionally do customer service.

Recently applied for a pre-approval, where there was a misunderstanding that resulted in me being double charged. After speaking with them, we were able to clear things up & they quickly approved a refund. Everyone I spoke with was polite & helpful. Excellent customer service.

I have been a customer of NFCU for almost 20yrs when I first enlisted, and remained loyal to them throughout, having received adequate support, average rates on a vehicle loan, and satisfactory customer service overall. However, my latest interaction with them this past month with our first mortgage application has opened my eyes as to just how dissatisfying this establishment is. Their staff are slow to respond, their process is inefficient and confusing, and their loan officers lack the basic knowledge of the VA loan...the one loan that a military-affiliated establishment should be the most familiar with! I am disappointed with NFCU, and will gladly be taking my business elsewhere. If I can sum up my experience with NFCU over a decade, it would have to be average, but this last experience has made it clear that even that term is generous.

They don&#x2019;t return a call until after the close of business making it impossible to complete tasks until the next day. Their lack of communication caused our closing date to fall through even though they had a month and a half to complete all paper work. I recommend going to another bank that actually has the time to call you back and discuss issues they find instantly instead of two days before closing.

Navy Federal you should be ashamed. This is how you treat families of our service men and women. I closed my account over 2 months and am still waiting for my check. I'm tired of getting the runaround.

Got approved for the secured credit card today I have a trash credit score but they are willing to help 500 dollar minimum deposit. Got approved instantly rates was below 18 percent. My favorite perk is you can increase your own credit limit up to 50,000 no need to wait for a card to graduate for a higher limit. Thanks Navy Federal.

SO TODAY I WALKED INTO NAVY FEDERAL BECAUSE ON THE PHONE IS A RUN AROUND. I WALK TOLD I HAD DEBT WITH THEM. ( I NEVER EVER HAD DEBT WITH THEM) I DONT RECALL EVER RUNNING A CARD OR GIVING A CHECK. SO I AGREED TO PAY IT OFF AND THEY AGREED TO OPEN ANOTHER ACCOUNT FOR ME WHILE I PAY THAT OFF. SO I PUT ONEY INTO THE NEW ACCOUNT ITS BEEN SITTING THERE FOR A MONTH, THE LADY CALLS THEM AND BOOM ACCOUNT IS BEING CLOSED AND ALL MY MONEY IS GONE. DO THESE PEOPLE THINK ITS OKAY TO DO THAT? THAT WAS VERY HARD EARNING MONEY. THEN EVEN THE LADY AT NAVY FEDERAL SAID IT DOESNT SEEM RIGHT AND THE LADY ON THE PHONE SAYS AN ACCOUNT SHOULDNT EVER EVER BEEN OPENED WELL EXCUSE ME THEN GIVE ME THE MONEY I HAD IN THE ACCOUNT INSTEAD THEY EMPTIED IT. PUT IT TOWARDS WHAT I OWE ( THAT I NEVER EVEN CREATED) THIS PLACE IS JUST OUT FOR THE MONEY AND I WILL NEVER WALK INTO ANOTHER BRANCH..... (PISSED) HOW YOU GONNA SAY YEAH PAY THIS DEBT YOU NEVER CREATED, OPEN A ACTIVE ACCOUNT WITH YOUR MONEY AND THEN BOOM CCOUNT CLOSED MONEY GONE AND STILL OWE. THEY MAKE NO SENSE ... LADY AT THE BRANCH DIDNT EVEN UNDERSTAND IT . I DIDNT AGREE FOR THAT. I WOULD OF BEEN FINE CLOSING THE STUPID ACCOUNT TAKING MY MONEY OUT AND ONCE AGAIN STILL PAYING A DEBT I NEVER CREATED,,,,,,, THATS MY REVIEW OF THEM .

Stay away from these people, unless of course you don't like having money and prefer to be treated as a number as opposed to a person. I got my paycheck 2 weeks ago, within fifteen minutes I was reduced to a zero balance with the only explanation being 'transfer to other', which left me unable to afford food, or even gas to get to work. When I tried to explain my grievances I was not allowed to speak to customer service and had to write them from the app. The response I got was disheartening to say the least. I was labeled as 'hostile' and 'failed to treat them with the courtesy and respect they deserve', which in my renewed opinion should be none. I've been informed that I am now banned from all branch locations as well as being banned from contacting navy federal for any reason. Great customer service after being with them for over 11 years. All they want is to take your money and then throw you away once they've bled you dry. Stay away from these automatons, and if you're with them now, get out while you can.

Overall, NFCU has been great for my family. My husband financed his first and second vehicles thru NF with no problems. We did a 15k collateral loan using our RV as collateral. The interest rate was a bit high 10-12% but still, we were approved easily and paid it back in a year and half. I applied for their Flagship Visa and received the highest Credit Limit of all of my Credit Cards [24k]! From this card, I receive frequent offers for Balance Transfers with options to use convenience checks to get cash off my card at 0% interest for up to 12 months. (My only complaint is that in having a 24k limit, I wish the offers were for longer, i.e. 0% for 15 months, which is what my USAA Credit Card [15k limit] typically offers). We both have a Checking and Savings account with Direct Deposit and banking has been easy. We will be in the market for a new Mortgage soon, but reading these reviews on NFCU Mortgage Services have me frightened. I like NFCU very much and hate to see such unpleasant things happening to our Service Members in regards to their accounts.

I joined navy federal 3 months ago. I got a nRewards secured card ($5,000) to rebuild credit.  First month my score soared 39 points!! My credit scores are FICO 628, Transunion 610, Equifax 613.  My other cards are Amex Blue Cash Preferred ($1000), Capital one quicksilver ($850), Capital One Platinum($500), Credit One Bank ($1200), TD Bank secured ($5000), NWFCU secured ($2000), OpenSky secured ($400), AppliedBank secured ($800). Discover IT($200), Merrick Bank Visa($900), Merrick Bank secured ($1000).    Do I have a chance of approval?&#10;&#10;Eventually, I\&#39;d like to consolidate some of my subprime credit cards that have annual fees and get back my deposits. No doubt I will be moving all my banking over to Navy Federal, sooner rather than later. I have had nothing but great experience with Navy Federal. Hands down the best financial institution.

I applied for a conventional mortgage online with Navy Federal on December 21 and uploaded the required documents.  On the 22nd, I spoke with the assigned loan officer who said that I was pre-approved and would get the letter by the upcoming Monday.  On December 26, another document was needed and I immediately submitted.  I did not hear anything else until the loan officer contacted me on January 5th asking if I found a home.  I told the loan officer that I hadn't received the pre-approval.  The loan officer did not understand why and said that they would email it to me.  The file that was emailed to me was blank.  On January 6th, I emailed the loan officers as well as the loan officer's supervisors stating that the document was blank and that the attempts to get the pre-approval letter to me was unsuccessful.  I have not received a response, been contacted by Navy Federal or received my pre-approval letter since.  I'm very dissatisfied with the lack of communication and follow-up with Navy Federal especially since I was told that the loan officer is supposed to follow-up on my communications with 48 hours.  Needless to say, I've been pre-qualified elsewhere.

If only everyone could feel the joy in my heart! I just got approved for a mortgage loan of $195k and it is third or fourth time that I get denied. My credit scores was about under 700 but more than 650 until i was introduced to a credit score expert by my friend that had similar issues. I paid him a little token and behold he fixed my scores to 788 just in 5 days. Words can barely express the way i feel about this but it is the most amazing experience in 2017. I can not keep this to myself at all, so for everyone out there with the same problem all you need to do is send this professional an email stating what you want and be sure to give testimonies about his services as well. Here you go  ( computerworm.hacker@hotmail. com )

BLATANT DISCRIMINATION!!!!  I am an Army veteran, own my home outright, credit score 615 at the time of application, and same employer for the past 5 years. I applied for a $1500 personal loan for car repairs and was immediately denied!  Loan rep told me if I added a co-signer to the loan my chances of approval would improve. My uncle who is also an Army veteran, self employed since retiring from active duty, owns his home outright, and has an EXCELLENT credit score agreed to co-sign the loan. Application was resubmitted but denied again. Loan rep told me because my uncle was NOT a member he was not a strong enough co-signer. I ended up doing a personal loan directly with my uncle which I paid back within 30 days!!  Fast forward 6 or 7 months later, I apply again for a personal loan of $500 (again for car repairs).  Loan was denied!  Loan rep told me if I added some collateral to the deal it could improve my chances for approval. I offer my car (which I own outright),  PLUS, I lower the requested amount to $250 . . . LOAN DENIED!!!  I am a member of this institution, US Army veteran, own my home and car outright, stable employment, but told that I was a credit risk and denied a loan of $250 . . . ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!!!!  I applied next day with Bank of America ($500) where I have direct deposit checking account and was approved - should have saved myself the humiliation and went there first!!

I decided to try to get my first home loan through Navy Federal. I've been a member for over 10 years with accounts in good standing to include their lowest rate credit card that they had just previously extended to a 25K credit line without my asking. So I applied over the phone, uploaded many documents to help my application (which I found out they never even looked at) and then waited 4 days for the loan officer to finally call me with further questions. She stated my fico score was good (742) I had little debt to income ratio (maybe 3K including my auto loan and credit cards), and we even went over applying for a conventional loan instead of FHA because my credit score was high and I had enough down payment. The only thing she questioned was my career, being a government contractor I've have multiple back to back jobs over the past 10 years, some lasting 3+ years and others just a year. We both didn't think it would be an issue as I explained that is just the contracting world. I am starting a new job and sent her the offer letter that stated the position was fully funded for the next 3 years, so again we saw no issue. That is until it went to underwriting and I was immediately denied of ANY loan. I was mind boggled at first being a single 30 yr old with no kids, barely any debt but much savings, an average salary of 70K, good credit score, and I only applied for a 180K loan. Its actually laughable being denied by them but doesn't surprise me. They hung me out to dry when I wanted to refinance my car loan with them and thats when I started business with NRL credit union, who also pre-approved my home loan with ZERO issues. So I think I will stick to to NRL from now on and USAA for banking!

As a member, Navy mom from a large Navy family and as a real estate professional, I am less than impressed with Navy Federal.  Several of my clients were "prequalified" for a mortgage through their Pensacola call center but when it came time to actually get loan approval, their underwriters denied the loan.  Those that were approved had interest rates and closing costs FAR above those of other lenders I work with.  One of my customers saved over $20,000 in closing costs by NOT using NFCUs mortgage services.  Their loan officers do not keep in contact with the real estate professional during the pre-closing period and can be outright rude when asked for updates on the loan or the appraisal. One bad mouthed me to my customer because she had made several errors on the CD and was trying to deflect blame from NFCU.  On a personal note as a member, my fiance and I to opened individual and joint savings account there so we could pay my son's house payments while he was deployed. My fiance, an Army dad from an Army family, qualified for membership while in front of their account manager at their branch, but months later we got a letter from Pensacola saying that he didn't qualify.  They closed his individual account and sent him a check for the balance without ever making a personal call to him to discuss it.  I went to talk with the account manager that opened our accounts and she said one hand doesn't know what the other is doing at NFCU... those exact words. Confidence inspiring, it was not. Also, when I deposited checks larger than my account balance, INCLUDING MY CERTIFIED PAYCHECK, a hold of 7 days was put on the check so I had to cash the checks elsewhere and bring cash to NFCU to deposit it for the house payment...it was ridiculous. We have since moved all our accounts (except the one I own jointly with my son for the house payment) to another credit union that actually delivers great service.  All in all, NFCU gets a solid D- for service, affordability, communication and convenience.

I have had a loan out with Navy Federal for the last 4 years. My experience has always been so-so, never stellar - until last week. We called because we are experiencing a difficult time in this repayment period. We had the pleasure of speaking with Adaysha (I believe from the Pensacola call center). I would give Adaysha 5 stars: she was super friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, pleasant, and did whatever she could to provide assistance to us in this difficult financial period. Adaysha was the best customer service I've experienced from Navy Fed (and one of the top in general), in the last 4 years. I hope she is recognized for her outstanding service.

I am an Active Duty Service Member and have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union since 2001. As of the date of this review (nearly 17 years), I have not experienced a SINGLE negative incident or issue with this financial institution. Throughout this period, I have had several personal loans, five auto loans, a VA mortgage loan, a refinanced mortgage, Certificates of Deposits, credit cards, joint accounts, and several savings accounts. I have also lost my debt card several times during this period. I have asked several questions on their online question section and have always received timely response. Being stationed in California, New Jersey, Virginia, and Okinawa, I have utilized many brick-and-motor branches as well. Some people are okay with not needing that face-to-face interaction and service, so they utilize online-banking institutions for their needs. For me, I can appreciate walking into a bank and interacting with people. In the modern trend of digital communication, actually speaking and making eye contact with others is becoming a forgotten skill. The customer service received when I have walked into NavyFCU has always been well-received. It's surprising to have read so many negative reviews about this institution because I have NEVER had any issues with their customer service, products, or ability to accommodate my requests. At the time of my mortgage application, their rates were highly competitive. Refinancing my mortgage was completed expeditiously. The interest rate on my Money Market Savings Account is also very high in comparison to other typical savings accounts offered at other institutions. Personally, I would highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union to those who are eligible and are in the market to change from their current institution.

Car loans are good. Competitive and easy. For banking USAA is far superior. For Mortgages... Navy Fed is a downright failure. My first mortgage was through them and I learned later I was robbed... now at Refinance time... they claim a rate match. Oh they will match the rate and tack on a large origination fee to pad there pockets making them WAY more expensive then almost everyone. I will be ending my 12+  year relationship next month when my refi is done.

These people can handle simple task, as soon as your situation throw's they a different situation they can't handle it. I spoke with four different people trying to get wiring instructions to their bank. The first person thata I spoke with stated, that she would take the fax number to my title company so that she could send they the information they needed to conduct a bank wire to Navy Federal. (Simple, right)?  Not even close! I called my title company after a few hours to make sure they had received the instructions, and they hadn't. I then called Navy federal back, to be given a totally different story. The third person transferred me to the mortgage dept. because, she couldn't understand that, the title company would be wiring funds to my account for a property that was owned free-and-clear.  The final person, tried to make it seem like it was my fault for not knowing the wiring instructions for Navy Federal?? Can someone explain to me why, is it that anything that is associated with the military is so far behind normal society?  This bank should just handle simple, straight-forward transactions, anything more seems to be a stretch for them. If you are thinking of becoming a member, think again. When they mess-up, they mess-up. They need more developed training to better assist their customers.

I really do not know what the other people on this site have been experiencing, but the mortgage process with NFCU was a breeze for me.  I worked with the Pensacola, FL department. My Loan Officer was Liz Davy and my Processor was Colette Walton. Both Ms Davy and Walton responded to me immediately to my emails and phone calls. I had a pre-approval within 24 hours after submitting my information via the phone line with a customer service representative and I closed on my loan in 19 business days. Phenomenal service. Phenomenal communication. Wonderful people to work with. They always answered my questions and they always let me know where we were in the process and expected time frames for each step. Just a great experience overall.

My card information was stolen while stationed in South Korea. I reported the various charges as fraudulent only to be told that I can only get reimbursed if I had documentation to prove it. Well if I had the documentation it would probably mean the charges were in fact made by me. How am I supposed to have documentation on charges that I didn't make??

After paying off our high balance credit card, we had a small residual $25 balance (daily accrual interest) that we didn&#x2019;t realize was remaining.  Since our only active accounts are auto loans and this credit card, we don&#x2019;t receive any paper statements.  We also don&#x2019;t log into the website either.  Yes, our oversight, agreed, our mistake.  But we did pay it, just paid it late.  The following month our credit scores took a 100 point hit because they reported us 30 days past due.   We called and asked for some forgiveness, explaining what happened.  This is a memeber based institution, right?  Well we were informed that they will not do anything for us, 30 day last due notice will remain as reported.  Our excellent score is now fair and can&#x2019;t get any financing because of that mistake.

Worst customer service out of the Pensacola mortgage department I have ever encountered.  NFCU's mortgage department needs an organization behavior change immediately if they want to retain customers. 50 days ago I did a phone application to re-fi an existing NFCU mortgage.  We are 30 year members with credit scores over 800 and 30% equity in our home .  We have supplied all documentation when requested within 24 hours.  Can you tell me why other than the obviuos incompetence and delays of our processor why we haven't closed this loan yet?  Is it perhaps because our interest lock expires in 10 days and NFCU's rates and loan fees have gone up since our application?

Just got approved for 15k limit.  I applied back in march and got denied so I did the secure card and kept it for a few months and then reapply and got approved.  Thank you navy federal for giving me a chance and my score was in the low 600s

Absolute crooks I called about a fradulent charge and while I was on the phone the girl cancelled my card before I can get any cash out. I asked her not to do this and she did anyway. Now i have no way to access funds. The girl on the phone basically treated me like a criminal. Never ever use this bank. Im transferring all funds ASAP

Impossible to get an auto loan through them. I'm JUST starting of course I have low credit. How am I supposed to build credit if I can't get a car? How can I get anything done if I don't have a car? I'm very disappointed.

They will not negotiate.  My husband lost his job during the recession and working two part time jobs.  I was still employed full time and my employer gave me as many overtime hours he possibly could.  NFCU will call you and hound you every time with you giving them the exact information knowing they have it all on their computer screen.  They just want to see if you change your explanation.  We asked them each time to negotiate a new payment.  We would send them whatever we could.  I even told them I was using coupons and sticking to a very tight food budget and not making any other purchases other than for gas.   We were struggling to make our mortgage and utility bills.  We didn't want to lose our house; therefore paid our mortgage first.  We had no car payments.    Even when we told them they would leave us no choice but to file for bankruptcy they would not negotiate.  Discover was more willing to negotiate a lower finance rate.  We called Discover to inform them of our bankruptcy because of NFCU's refusal to negotiate.   We appreciated Discover and was grateful they worked with us.   Our bankruptcy was the result of charging medical costs for a very sick elderly parent who was very grateful and if we had to do it again we would to help them.

A joke! Talk to a lady did a review to get rates even came up with closing cost.  On a 160k home they want over 17k foe closing with an extream amount of fees.  These people have became the same as big. Banks  Also i have a 750 credit score they had the nerve to offer me a $500 credit card. Stay away!

I filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy on July 1, 2017, it was dichargef December 7, 2016. My credit score plummeted from 701 to 556. On March 3, 2017, I opened a checking account, 2 savings accounts (1 for my 7 year old daughter), and a secured credit card with $500 limit. When I received my first statement and checked my FICO score, it went up to 607. I spent quite a bit on my credit card limit each month, but paid the balance off every month, only leaving a $10-20 balance. NFCU never made any money off of me for interest. On September 21, 2017, I was informed that my secured credit card had changed to an unsecured card through their automated monitoring system. They released my $500 back to my savings account and my new unsecured card limit is $2000. My credit score is now 693 as of today. I had read in several reviews prior to opening an account that the secured card would remain secured until the 13 month review. It turned out not to be true for everyone. My advise is use your credit wisely, only spend what you will be able to pay back by the end of your billing cycle. ALWAYS pay more than the minimum payment. NFCU has helped me rebuild my credit in just 6 short months. I'm looking forward to future business transactions with NFCU. There is hope after bankruptcy. Thank you for given me a 2nd chance!!! Hooah!!

If i could give Zero Stars i gladly would. I was told Navy Federal is a good banking institution, i need to find that person that told me that, and give them piece of my mind. O had this disgusting banking institution for about 8 to 10 months. Paryt of my direct deposit goes there, and i was thinking of opening a Certificate of Deposit and getting a credit card to rebuild my credit. My mother,  wrote me a check for $5000. I figured,  I'll deposit it into Navy Federal. I called them up, they said, i can take a photo of my check and deposit it. I put my account number on it, took a photo of it through THEIR APP, and deposited it. I received an email stating it was declined,  i called,  and they said it must have for deposit only. So, i did that,  and it was declined. I called them, they said for eDeposit Only at NFCU must be at the back of it, i did that, they declined it. I got another email from the fraud department, they said the check looks fraudulent. I stated,  "that check is from my mom,  she's not a crook". They proceeded to tell me that my account is now suspended. I NEVER TOLD THEM TO FREEZE MY ACCOUNT. My direct deposit is about to go in there and they froze it. They're saying that the signature on the front of the check doesn't look real,  so they're freezing my account, until i can prove it's real.  I have to go to their branch,  118 miles away in 1 direction. The reps were rude and disgusting. They were insulting to me and my mother. They were very disrespectful towards my mom. I 100% hate this bank and i wish nothing but bad on them. The rep in the fraud dept was an absolute nightmare. I need to close my account and transfer my money to another bank. Navy Federal are Rude, Insulting, Condescending,  Sarcastic... and they say they care about MILITARY? I bust my butt for this country and you insult my mother? MY MOTHER ISN'T A CROOK.

We joined Navy Federal in May- joint accounts.  My spouse was primary on the account since she was Navy, but when I went to check the statement for something I didn't have access.  When i went into the branch they said they could print one for me, but only the primary member has access to statements.  I dont think this would be very convenient when your spouse is overseas and you can't get access to your statement.  I also noticed that when you use billpay the bank does not show the transactions as pending.  They said that the transaction won't show until the transaction goes through, this could be over a week if they send a check, so you abviously think you have more money than you think.  Also when using the debit card the transactions don't show up as pending until the next day.  This is the first credit union i have had these problems with.  Shasta at the branch in La Mesa said that's just how we do things.  I told her that maybe she should tell the management - she said she would, but i don't think she will. Two more things.  Some how my securit questions got changed on my account  No money was taken and when I reported it over the phone they didn't do anything.  SECURITY is a big deal and every other bank or credit union would do an investigation  also, when we went in to close the accounts, they did not require an ID - just the debit card.  Any one could have fould my card and closed the account and been given a bunch of cash - Shasta didn't even need us to at least enter our pins that are linked to the card.... All she said when I told her was they checked your card at the front door.  They did, but again i didn't have to enter my pin.  Absolutely NO SECURITY at Navy Federal.  When i went to my new credit union to deposit money they asked for my pin and drivers license.  NOTE  SHASTA SAID THAT'S HOW WE DO THINGS HERE.

Just applied for a NFCU credit card. I am in the process of rebuilding my credit from prior foolish mistakes on my part. CK said I had very good approval odds but I didn't think so myself. I had applied before and was directed toward the secured card and expected to have a repeat performance. I was totally shocked when it said I was approved and then I saw the generous credit limit. 19.5k I am ecstatic. Thanks for the  2nd chance. I will use it wisely. NFCU Rocks!

I thought this was a good program until I tried to order a Yeti cooler on the members mall and every cooler in every size was out of stock.  So I ordered $400 in gift cards instead to purchase the item at a retailer.  After about 3 weeks of waiting the cards never showed up.  I called Navy Fed and after being routed through the wonderful phone system and placed on hold multiple times I was finally told that there wasn&#39;t anything they could due per their policy.  Looks like I will be changing credit cards at this point.

35 year member review of NFCU Mortgage.     Worst. Experience. Ever.  I applied May 31 for a mortgage pre-approval on the NFCU website  and immediately uploaded all of the requested documents they asked for.  The website clearly said that a loan officer would be assigned and I would hear from them within 3 business days.  I also applied with Quicken Loans to have something to compare.  Three days came and went, 5 days came and went, and on the 8th business day I called the mortgage help line.  They told me my loan officer would be Anthony and that they did not have a direct number for him but would contact him on my behalf and he would be in touch.  Another 4 days passed and no response, by this time I had found a house, placed an offer and had a ratified contract.  Another call to the mortgage help line and I was finally transferred to Anthony.  It honestly seemed like his first day and the last shred of confidence I had was quickly squashed.  I even tried reaching out to Anthony&#x2019;s manager who has yet to respond to my email. Navy Federal should be ashamed of the level of service they are providing members of the armed forces and their families.  I have been a member for all of my life (35 years).  Great rates are exactly why you join credit unions.  The rate they provided me was over 2% higher than Quicken Loans.  They tell you they can rate match but how could I possibly have confidence in them to close my loan when it takes them 2 weeks to even acknowledge I applied.  Quicken Loans called me 1 hour after I applied to start the process and have been there every step of the way to answer questions.  Do yourself a favor and save yourself tons of stress by going with another lender.  Anyone is better than NFCU.

Long story short. They will rob you every chance they get. And if you call them out for thier dishonest treatment and trade. It will get a lot worse. Run away from this bank fast. You have been warned

This bank is a scam I have the financing of a vehicle and the last payment was made 13 days ago in New Jersey and sent to a towing company to repo for allegedly failure to pay, .............................

I just got home from deployment. I have thousands of dollars in my account but my funds are frozen without warning. I have no other funds after coming home from overseas. Only thing Navy federal can tell me is they will unfreeze my account after Monday. I got this news on a Thursday. What am I suppose to do until then for money. This bank is horrible and I am withdrawing every penny when they get this situation straight. Don&#039;t bank with these people!!!!!! They are horrible and I would rate a zero if I could!!!!!

My wife was joint-owner on a credit card with her mother who passed away as a result of her health.  The credit card was used for medical bills.  NavyFederal allowed a third party individual to remove her mother as joint-owner from the account after her passing without notifying my wife.  Upon walking into the branch, she learned that her mom was removed by this third-party and absolutely no one in the branch could help her.  She was passed around to multiple employees however they said there was absolutely nothing she could do to remedy the situation.  Now we are stuck with a debt that should have been sent to probate without any notification or assistance.  She and her family have been members of NavyFederal for 35 years.  This is how she gets treated.  I will probably leave NavyFed after this.

I had very poor experience with the customer branch in Singapore today.  I had a security issue with my card so I had to goto the physical branch here.  I went there and the lady tried her best but was obviously not well trained in her job.  She ended up being able to unblock my card but she did not have it activated.  Which added to much further frustrations because of the card still not working.  I was finally able to resolved the situation with a customer service agent on-line and I asked why this happened.  The customer agent stated it "Could have been a system error."  That worries me even more.  Thanks that is my feedback.

I have two regular business accounts with NFCU. I sought a Non-profit business checking account with NFCU. I went through the entire application process to include uploading IRS and State documentation. The Non-profit is a charity organization with therapy dogs. Come to find out, if you want to establish a non-profit organization and have a business checking account with NFCU, the non-profit can ONLY serve NFCU members. Yes, how idiotic is that! I have two other businesses with NFCU and operate one of those with international transactions. With a non-profit you can only serve NFCU members. The customer service rep even told me they track transactions behind the scenes to see if they are NFCU members. Perhaps the district attorney should know that NFCU is doing this. How selfish of NFCU to regulate charity organizations solely for their members. This is unethical. It simply does not make any sense. Perhaps I will move my other two accounts elsewhere.

I have been working hard to repair my credit after my second divorce. I may not be where I would like to be but with every year I get closer. Two years ago I had a Vantage Score of 518 TU and my FICO score was even lower at 486. Divorce took a hit on my credit. Capital One took a chance on me with a $500 credit card and another with $1100 two years ago. I was finally able to purchase my FIRST brand new car financed by Toyota Motor Credit but WOW I was hit with almost a 15% APR. Six months after my purchase I was approved for a refinance with NFCU and was given a 4.69% APR, the lowest APR I had EVER had in my life. A year later they refinanced me again after the need to trade it my previous vehicle for a larger one.   Now, six months later I was approved for the GO Rewards credit card with the largest credit limit I have ever had. I was surprised with the CL and the representative said &#34;Our members are more than a number, we look at everything.&#34;   I couldn&#39;t agree more!!  Scores   Vantage Score TU 637, EQ 629   FICO Scores TU 645, EQ 617, EX 601

I went to Navy Federal about 4 to 5 years ago, and opened multiple accounts. Checking, Savings, and a Credit Card. I've even had a small Auto loan with them, that was paid in full rather quickly.  Fast forward to April 5, 2017, after a nasty divorce that left me in financial ruin (which lasted from November 2015-Jan 2017),  my credit rating is finally getting back to where it needed to be. My score went back to normal around March/April 2017.    I was notified by navy federal only after requesting a replacement credit card (it had already expired by a few days) that they did a review of my account (January 1 2017, far before any of my actions started reflecting on my credit report), and decided to close it because of my credit score.    What irritated me was that there was no email, no phone call, no notification on my account, not even any physical mail that stated they were going to do that.  and, since my credit has improved over 100 points since they did the review, and most of the items they've cited have been removed, they refuse to re-review the account.  Will definitely not be going back to them. I'm not a fan of USAA, but at least they don't pull this sort of thing.

They deserve ZERO Stars. I joined NFCU back in January.  This turned out to be an enormous mistake.  I applied for an auto loan on March 16.  Was pre-approved for more then I had requested.  Went through the process and got my draft check.  It took me about a week to finalize a deal with the car dealer.  I sold my existing car for the down payment and used my draft check for the car.  NFCU DID NOT PAY THE DRAFT CHECK!!  My membership required DL and paystub for verification etc.  AFTER the draft check was submitted for payment they sent the same email asking for the same information again.  They have completely restricted my entire account, I can't access any money that I have in there. I never received an email at all on this. Everytime I call NFCU for an update or anything they literally have no answers. I was told the information requested will be processed in the order it was received.  I reminded them it was received WEEKS AGO.  They have showed little to no sincerity.... I have worked in customer service related jobs for at least 20 years and so I am just really disappointed. I feel like when I talk to them they don't hear what I am trying to say and/or don't care.  I just think this whole process is completely unfair. & I am scared that when my direct deposit goes in on Friday the account will still not be open and I will not have access to my!!!!  If you are considering using this bank .... DON'T.  Go somewhere else.  I am not a fan of corporate banking but I also have NEVER seen a bank not pay their OWN Check!

Don't bother even opening a savings account with NFCU and remember their entire program seems dedicated towards switch and bait tactics. The CD I opened with them was supposed to be 3% interest and after it was opened they only gave me 1%. I had to send my paperwork to them several times just to get the account opened because their incompetent employees kept losing it (seriously? Losing paperwork that was emailed to you?) They also lowered my credit with a hard hit just for opening the account and after I applied for a VA home loan they told me that the amount I was asking for was too much (after pre-qualifying me for more than I was asking! I was about to open a credit card with them when they pulled this stunt but Now I am considering closing my accounts instead including the CD even if I have to take a hit on the amount for closing it early!

I have to agree that the mortgage department is bad. I tried getting a VA loan and was given the wrong information. I got my loan through Veteran United with a rate of 3.375 and they did a wonderful job throughout the process. I wanted to give Navy Federal a second chance, so I applied for a 30 years conventional jumbo loan. I wanted to buy a rental property. It was the same. Navy Federal needs to train their personnel at the the mortgage department better.  I really wanted to pull my money from my checking and  saving after these encounters but I always experienced good customer services from their banking department. Ended up getting by mortgage approved from Wells Fargo.

Opened the account on Saturday, applied and received 24K limit, my score has increased since then, but my income to debt is very low. Keep improving your life and your credit! Good Luck!

We applied for a mortgage with Navy Federal to purchase our first home. Everything was a breeeze at first. We were communicated with and pre-approved within three or four days. Then we made an offer on a home that we loved with our pre-approval and everything went to hell. We went from thinking we were going to get our first home to no longer being qualified due to their guidelines changing for calculating student loan payments. After paying for credit reports, submitting documents, getting pre-approval letter, and two weeks...suddenly we no longer qualify for the amount we wanted? What a joke! The home we put an offer on was 60k LESS than we were originally pre approved for.  Our loan officer didn't know answers to basic questions, didn't put in correct figures after giving them to her, and our realtor had to call her to tell her how to give an accurate closing cost estimate!  We will never deal with Navy Federal for any type of loan again.

absolutely the best bank and cards in america they literally saved my life I will always be part of NFCU  thank you

If zero stars were possible for their mortgage services they would get negative 1000!  They suck plain and simple, amateurs in the loan dept who could care less but draw a paycheck.   I am loyal to the banking side but after 2 mortgage experiences, NO MORE!  they are clowns!  go to Movement Mortgage and get expedient PROFESSIONAL service and many more options at better rates.

We applied for a mortgage loan and were told that a loan officer would be getting back to us 2-3 days after submitted. 2 days after submitted i recieved an email with our loan officers name ( Jodi Jenkins.) and notifying us that she will be gettting in touch shortly. On day 4 i called and left a voicemail, stating that we had a house in mind that we didnt want to lose. The voicemail message said that she would get back to me within 48 hrs. 48 hrs later i still had not heard from her so i sent an email. 24 hrs after that i called the main line to get transferred through to her. I finally got in touch with her on a friday afternoon. She said she had to check on something on our application and would get back to me no later than the following tuesday. I waited TEN DAYS after that tuesday, without hearing a word. I sent an email on day 7, nothing. On day ten i called the main line again to get transferred to her. She messaged them and told them she was not available. I was sent to her voicemail, where i stated it had been ten days and id really appreciate an update.  She called about 4 hours later and in a 30 second conversation, simply said sorry youve been denied. This was very frusturating since she never gave me time of day, and her reason was something no other mortgage lender had an issue with. I called the main line again and explained everything that happened. They apologized profusely and got in touch with Jodi, asking her to call me and clarify. She said she would call by the end of the day. 5 days later, no call. I absolutely loved navy fed. Their customer service was excellent, i had no problems with them, until Jodi jenkins came along. She is truly ruining the reputation of Navy fed. And let me also say, i had two friends who applied AFTER we did and were under contract with their house before i even recieved a call from Jodi. I truly feel i have been wronged by this company because of her.

While the phone and banking reps are nice people generally, the reliable of this bank is absolutely HORRIBLE! They do not invest in their clientele. 1 atm within a 10 mile radius here and that atm is NEVER accepting deposits. It is the only location within 10 miles (literally) that can even accept deposits but it is ALWAYS out of order. The incompetence of this bank is utterly dismaying. Do NOT choose this bank for checking accounts!! You have been warned.

Worst mortgage experience ever. Communication was horrible unless they needed something. Loan Officer Knowledge was horrible. Any question I had was " I don't now I will have to find out for you" and I would never hear from them with the answer. When I voiced my complaint all I got was " I am sorry you feel that way". Navy Federal used to be the best but it's slowly losing to USAA. NFCU needs to have a serious customer service makeover.

We are current customers with Navy Federal and decided (gladly, at the time) to apply for a home mortgage with them. We were put with Jennifer L., Shannon R., and Cathy T. (San Diego, CA), who seemed nice at first. We are the type of customers that ask lots of questions, and that is probably what made them so frustrated. Soon after we were teamed up with them, the customer service NFCU is so widely known for turned sour. They treated us like they would do absolutely anything to get rid of us. When our rate lock was about to expire, they talked to us like we were trash, rather than staying positive during that stressful time and giving us real solutions. They kept bugging us about a closing date which we didn't receive until a month prior to closing. Once we got the date and asked them to rate match a competitor's rate, they agreed, but pulled the "we don't have time to order the appraisal, so your closing will be delayed." They gave us a great offer knowing that we would decline since they said our closing would be delayed due to the appraisal. There's much more to the story, but in a nutshell: POOR customer treatment, NO empathy towards customers' unique situations, and the only time they sounded optimistic was when we told them we'd decided not to go with them: "Perfect! I will update your file!!" For being loyal customers with multiple financial products with NFCU, we are appalled at their discourtesy and rudeness! We went with a different lender that ordered the appraisal within a week! And they have been nothing but wonderful to work with. Now we are considering moving all of accounts out to a new financial institution and to let everyone know NOT to do business with NFCU!! So sad for what was once such a reputable credit union...

Been a member for 24 years and used Navy Federal for a mortgage.  The processor failed to order the appraisal and this delayed closing date twice,  this was even after appraisal was " rushed".  Their poor execution caused additional expenses for storage and lodging.  It almost cost me the sale.  I would never use them again.  They are not the organization they used to be.  I will be moving my business to USAA.  Caveat Emptor.

I open a Checking and Savings account with NFCU on Jan. 5 2017 applied for credit card that same afternoon and got approve for $1600 credit card with a credit score of 600 I'm loving NFCU for giving me a second chance.

Open my account on Dec 13 2016 applied on Dec 15 2016 go approve for $15,500 credit score was 684 Transunion only had small cards no baddies will recommend this credit union love the Customer Service rep politeness

Navy Federal is supposed to provide convenience by allowing customers to use other credit union co ops/affiliates to complete transaction. However, I did use an affiliated credit union(Delta) assuming that it would be convenient. I deposit made a cash ATM deposit to pay a bill. Checked my Navy Federal account a few minutes later but there was No sign of me making a deposit other than the receipt from the Delta CU that was given. I called Navy Federal to see why and they stated that it would take 5 business days to process. Yes a cash deposit takes 5 days to process. Even small banks does better than that. I think that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of from a Financial institution. What was supposed to be a convenience turned out to be a huge inconvenience. I have only had the account for about 1 months and that has been my only horrible experience but it is a big one in my opinion.

I opted for Navy Federal because I am trying to reestablish my credit and their secured card does not show up as a secured credit card when reports are collected.  First of all, I didn't get a bill online or otherwise for 5 months.  Luckily I was just using the card and paying it online ( even the balance due field was NEVER populated with even just a small monthly payment -- NOTHING.  I was paying it via EFT from my local bank and I guess one month  there was a problem - to this day I don't know what happened - each bank saying it was the other banks fault.  Suddenly now not only is the online banking showing a balance due, but it's late.  So then the next month I pay via EFT and Navy Federal holds my payment for OVER 10 DAYS!! An electronic payment.  Then last month, they posted it right away.  But wait, just to keep me guessing, they are holding this months payment (7 days and counting......._)  Should have gone with Capital One -.......Thanks for reading

I decided to open my account with navy federal because my boyfriend of 4 years who is in the Marines has said absolutely nothing but great things about them. They had helped him increase his credit score and were always reliable. I had tried a few different banks and the fees were just outrageous so I finally decided to switch. I closed my old accounts and opened entirely new accounts with NFCU. They were great! I transferred all my money to the accounts. Normally I use direct deposit for my paychecks, unfortunately the new information did not update in time and I had received a check instead. No big deal....    so I than proceeded to deposit my paycheck into my NFCU checking account on a Sunday. Monday came around and they released 200 of the check and the rest was still pending. Okay, no big deal. Well Tuesday I go to log into my account and there is an error message. So I call the number & a NFCU rep explains to me that my check was flagged as suspicious. They have completely restricted my entire account, I can't access any money that I have in there for at least 5-7 business days. I never received an email at all on this. I was upset and frustrated, one because I was not notified and this is a normal paycheck from one of the biggest corporations in the US. And two because I had already had to wait to get my check in the mail, deposit it and now still have to wait. I have bills to pay and almost everytime I call NFCU for an update or anything they can not tell me. They have showed little to no sincerity....    I have worked in customer service related jobs for at least 6 years and so I am just really disappointed. I feel like when I talk to them they don't hear what I am trying to say or don't care. It has been a whole week since I deposited my check and they are saying I will not receive it for another 4-5 days....     I get another paycheck in 4-5 days so that would make two whole weeks with no pay and behind on my bills. I am running low on gas and luckily my boyfriend has been generous enough to help me. I just think this whole process is completely unfair. & I am scared that when my direct deposit goes in on Friday the account will still not be open and I will not have money for rent. Ugh...!!!! I don't know what to do. I have had total faith in NFCU and was really looking forward to starting fresh.

Hands down some of the best customer service I have ever dealt with. Great rates, great services, and great employees.   The absolute only downside I am aware of is the membership requirements (you have to military/DoD or family of military/DoD), but if you have the opportunity to open an account with them do it.  No really, I mean go right now and fill out an application. You won't regret it.  I speak from personal experience. When my brother was in the Navy my dad kept hassling me to open a checking account with NFCU. At the time I was a poor out-of-state college student and I had 3 banks already (local bank at home, local bank at school, and an account with a popular US-wide bank that gave me a discount on my student loan for having an account with them).  That said, being a broke college kid I saw no reason to open another account at a bank which (at the time) didn't have a branch near me, when I had no money to put in it anyway.   Fast forward 5 years to when I am a somewhat less broke graduate student with a half a clue how to manage my finances. At this point, I'm incredibly grateful for my dad's persistence. NFCU is now my primary bank, and of all the banks I've had they are absolutely the best. I have checking, savings, and credit accounts with them and when I look for a car loan or a mortgage they will be my first (and likely last) stop.  They have fantastic fraud detection (and phenomenal service when dealing with this inevitable hassle) and great rates on everything from credit cards to car loans and everything in between. Even though they don't have branches in every city (I live in Nebraska - not exactly a hot-spot for Navy Federal), their web services make it almost wholly unnecessary to set foot in an actual branch.  I have been using their digital check deposit service for years and they overnight you a new credit card when yours is compromised.  Once, when I was booking overseas flights, NFCU's fraud detection flagged a transaction. The great thing is, they text you when they flag a transaction (or alert you according to whatever your account preferences are). They ask if the charge was legitimate or not; if it's legitimate they allow the transaction to go through, and if it isn't they call you on the spot to confirm any recent transactions you made prior to the one they flagged, and overnight you a new card.  If for some reason they believe the entire account is compromised they will open a new one and transfer all your information and money into the new one.  Are you convinced yet? Go open an account.   Or if you aren't eligible, go marry a sailor or join the Coast Guard or something.   (OK, I may have been joking about that last bit, but everything else I meant 100%)

Let me begin by saying I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for 44 years. I have obtained numerous loans with them for everything from cars to boats and the service they  provided was stellar. That was until I applied for a refi on my mortgage. It has been the single worst experience I have ever had with any loan in my entire life. I am currently over 2 months in the process and still I have no idea when it might actually close. Every time I'm told they have everything something else rears its head. I was going to back out 2 weeks ago but other institutions told me it would take 4 or 5 weeks so I elected to ride it out but am now wondering if I should have started the process over. In reading other reviews concerning mortgages I now see I'm not the only one that has experienced this. My suggestion to you is RUN DO NOT WALK away from Navy Federal for anything to do with a mortgage. If you have something in progress start over with someone that is competent and trained to handle this type loan. I'm so disappointed I have seriously considered dropping my membership with Navy Federal but will probably hang in there for other type loans.

Please avoid this credit union for mortgages at all costs! They are disorganized, overburdened incompetent on top of being unethical and borderline non compliant with federal laws.  We have bought four houses in our lives with different mortgage companies from Wells Fargo to Prosperity mortgage. Navy Federal has been a disaster and we are now on the verge of losing our contracted home because of their incompetence. They did a bait and switch on rates and "program fees" by offering one verbally with a verbal agreement from us, only to call at 4:45pm on the Friday before our settlement demanding a verbal consent to a rate 2% higher or an extra 10k in a "program fee" if we didn't agree. We had to push back our settlement date and may lose our home because we wouldn't agree to their extortion.  Our loan officer was overburdened and couldn't keep track of our documents or our loan. She called us at 10pm on a Wednesday to cry and let us know she was in charge of 125 loans on her this month including six families with our last name and she couldn't meet our settlement date or keep up with her work. She was replaced, but the promises she made verbally regarding our mortgage were not passed to the new loan officer. The legal documents which needed to be signed at each stage of the process were uploaded to a third party site which once the password was locked,  I was unable to get a competent sys admin to reset the password for me - over two weeks of asking. I have yet to view or sign documents which were legally required at each stage of the loan and our settlement was supposed to be in 72 hours.  I have called the supervisor of my loan officer twice and have yet to receive a call back. I can honestly say, this has been the most horrendous transaction ever. Avoid their "deals" on mortgages at all costs. They aren't deals unless they can close the loan at the rate they offer. We gave them 60 days to close our loan but were continuously threatened with our date slipping regardless of how responsive we were as customers. Buying a house is stressful enough. Getting a mortgage company that can be responsive, ethical, transparent and truthful is mandatory --- this was NOT our experience with Navy Federal. We now wait to see if this transaction can be saved. Of course, they never answer the phone and are closed on weekends. The loan officers have yet to pick up the phone on my first try. To sum up - save yourself. Find another lender.

Do not get a home loan here! They never seem to know what's going on with paperwork. I would have to call daily to make sure things were moving forward. The agent told me the inspection was fine but then a week later notified me that work had to be done. Forms were frequently missing or misplaced. My real estate attorney said that in 2 years he has never dealt with such incompetent people.

Worst customer experince I have ever had.  They treat veterans like shit.  I have been with them for 27 years and get they still treated me like that I wish people would stop dodoing business with them. They only business they be in is to go out of business.

I have been with NFCU for years with my dad retiring from the military. I opened up a credit card in Dec of 2015 and made the payments the months following.  I was out of work for a little while in April of 2016 due to a workers compensation claim. Instead of them working with me upon knowing so and being told I was given an one time exception for an additional two weeks, they processed the payment originally scheduled and refused to process the refund days later. The money should've never been transferred from my checking account given the exception and when I got the exception management never said the payment would still go through. I was told for days that they were going to transfer the funds back into my account then after calling back after the time period they said it would take to process the refund, they declined the transfer back to my checking. I have never been so disappointed in a company. As a consumer and former customer service rep for an insurance company, I expect a company to keep their word and all I got was no your account would be passed due over 30 days. Sometimes it's not about procedures, it's about the customer. I didn't intend of this life event occurring and to take the last money I had available in my account is disappointing and shows how you treat customers. Safe to say I plan on moving my accounts elsewhere.

Run to USAA. NavyFCU is nothing but crooks. After 20 years with them they can't even extend you some time to make up credit card payments due to loss of temp. employment. They took my last $300 before my next payday and left me with 91 cents. Fuckers wouldn't help out. USAA worked with me. Run and cancel NavyFCU. Thieves like Bank of America. They aren't interest in Military Members.

Applied for a home mortgage with Navy Federal March 2016. Loan offered with an interest rate of 6.25%. I am well aware a lot of factors a considered before they offer you an interest rate. My credit score (median) is 805. I mean 805. Yes 805. After all things considered I get a 6.25 %. BTW I am with the Army. Underwriting kept asking for 1 thing after another. When we said we would as they asked, they would ask for something else. So I share my frustration with a civilian friend. And he goes through my application and offer from Navy Federal . He  refers us to First Equity Bank. We applied through first equity and within 3 days had pre-approval letter with an interest rate of 3.25%. Nothing changed in our application. Same loan amount same down payment same everything. loan officer at First Equity actually apologized on behalf of Navy federal. All I am saying is that all these companies that claim to be military friendly are not as friendly as you may think. Shop around and don't be fooled by that thing called "Military discount/ special". By the way the Navy Federal loan Officer was very friendly and professional. cant take that away from them.

This BANK should not be allowed to call themselves a CREDIT UNION, as they have very corrupt, unethical and underhanded practices! They should also not allowed to have the words NAVY or ANYTHING having to do with the federal government in their name as they arw not affiliated with the givernment! Just another corrupt institution trying to look like something they are not!

As a college student, I wanted a credit card for emergencies that wouldn't be sky high in APR. This card provided a reasonable percentage, and they always have the best customer service. I've had my wallet stolen, used my card out of sate, and misplaced the card. Each time customer service was there ready to help, and to check to see what was going on. No matter the time of day.

Been with this bank for about 10 years. Never really did much with my accounts. Until i opened a business and started to use the other services. This bank has the WORST FRAUD PROTECTION. They have two separate departments for fraud on your account. Both departments have no direct line you have to call into customer service in order to reach the security department and the representative will speak to them fir you they wont transfer you. This whole process is a joke. They told me an investigation would take 10 business days from jan 6th with restrictions on my account until feb16th a letter in the mail or what they have found. This is why check frauders seek out usaa and navy federal account information. Because of their slow process. It is too easy for people to steal money from this bank. My money wont be here.

After over 20 years of loyal banking with Navy Fed, I was a victim of check fraud.  I had my purse stolen, which contained my driver's license, military ID and checkbook.  Within an hour of finding out about my purse being stolen, my husband notified Navy Fed.  2 weeks later, someone drove hours away to a Navy Fed branch and cashed 2 stolen checks for close to 2K in my name.  I am not sure how they could have done this, as they did not have my security code word which was supposed to be required on my account.  After reporting this immediately to Navy Fed and filing a report, my husband and I just learned that the security department at Navy Fed did NOT consider this fraud and we would be responsible for the money taken from our account.  Under federal law, this is fraud.  We are now taking next steps, which includes getting our police report, filing another fraud claim, and possibly hiring an attorney.  Regardless of the outcome, I will no longer bank at Navy Fed.

I needed a new credit card, because we hit a tough spot. Due to no fault of our own, we found ourselves not having an income. We knew that we could turn it around, but would need a few days. Since our income was direct deposit and simply didn't show up, we needed instant access to cash or credit since bills were due. I applied for this credit card, and was instantly approved. The customer service performed well - they were helpful and friendly. I did everything over the internet, but had to call them to verify a few things. The only thing I'd approve is to allow customers to pick up their new cards at the branch. They let people go in and get debit cards made at the branch near us, so they should offer that for credit cards too. I highly recommend this card to others. It was easy to get, has a competitive interest rate, and offers decent Cash Back rewards.

I've had quite a few banks in my life but I must say NFCU is the best !! I am a soldier and they helped me get my first car even though I didn't have established credit yet. They reasoned with me and I had to do a few prerequisite's , but that did grant me the loan ! Also I took advantage of the active duty checking where I get paid a day early or sometimes even as much 3-4 days early depending on when the pay date falls on. They're easily accessible app is so convenient  and it's easy to pay my bills and loans. Also, the feature of directly sending other navy federal account members money directly to their account with simply their email is just SO convenient ! Love them!!

My experience with the customer service department today, has forwarded my decision to close my account and transfer all of my balances. I felt as though I was being judged according to purchases inside my checking account. I had a MANAGER from Support peruse my account shouting specific details about my charges and the amounts without my asking or consent to discuss said charges; I felt violated! I am not sure if calls are local, but I live in the Rockville, MD area and was somehow was disconnected before I could complete the ending survey. I plan to find out if there's a way I can learn the names of the manager I spoke with this morning. Completely unacceptable and I was left with the impression that Navy Federal does not appreciate their customers/partners. I will not loan my money to an organization that does not make their customers feel valued.

I love NFCU!! I consider this one of the greatest perks for having served my country is membership at NFCU! Great customer service, honest, compassionate and patient. Genuine fringe benefit of military service!!

I used to have this card, it was my "starter". I didn't really like the reward system, felt like too little of a return and I didn't use it at all until it was time to change (the rewards don't expire, which is a plus). The APR of this card is decent for a starter though, I believe I got 13% with a clean slate credit score, which isn't bad, I'm told. After a while of building my credit, though, I decided to change to something with a lower APR and no rewards. However, if you're starting out and buy online a  lot, I'd say go for this.

I dont usually give reviews. But my problem in online banking app makes me mad.and this is the current updated banking app of navy fed. Most of the times that i wanna log in into my account , i cant because theres a maintanance. And also i cant make transfers because it keeps on loading and cant load. Even if i wait for 5 minutes. (Dont have a problem in my internet connection) i prefer the older version of the banking app. Easy to load. I hope you guys fix this. I love navy fed.

Application was just OK. I am new to the USA so I had no credit, meaning I did have to wait a long time to get this card approved, even though I provided a reference letter and paystubs from my current occupation as evidence of employment. The agent was not very discreet, and I think everyone in the bank knew my situation by the time she was done on the phone. I got a high APR, and have yet to find a decent use for the "cashback" system. I suppose this is my cost incurred for attempting to build credit, even as an adult with a lengthy an solid employment history.

I really like having the ability to earn rewards, it makes up for spending so much money.  The rates are decent, I just try to keep the card paid off and I have no problems.  It is a great way to build solid credit.  The online interface is very easy to use as well.

NFCU is the worst.  They will not pay off my old motygage yet continue to charge me interest on my new mortgage.  As a member for more than 30 years, very disappointing!  I will not use NFCU again!  Of that you can be sure !!!

I have had a wonderful experience with Navy Federal Credit Union. They have excellent information available, the best rates you can find. I always get direct answers from them and fast service whether I am using their website or visiting them in person. I love that my savings account as such good interest rates and that it is so easy to set up allotments or transfer funds to and from the account. On the website I am able to drag whatever amount I want into another account. It is very convenient. Opening the account was very easy, I just walked into my local branch and handed my ID card. I also got $50 for my account for opening it and another $50 for my husband's account since he referred me. I believe they have that kind of promotion at least twice a year. I've gotten it as we've opened savings accounts for both of my children as well. They have no minimum so you don't have to worry about getting charged if you don't have enough money in your account.

NFCU did not record my lien properly with the DMV. They never disclosed to me that this was my responsibility. After sending them the title, as requested, they changed my loan to a non collateral loan that was more than 10 pts higher than the agreed upon rate. The only notifications I received were via snail mail. I find it outrageous that a credit union for service members would have a policy that costs its members thousands of dollars and they can not pick up a phone, or clearly give a warning at time of signing that the member has the duty to do the lending institutions job in recording the loan. I was lied to twice my their reps. Spent hours in the DMV and the branch office, all to correct what I precieve to have always been the lenders respectability as was the case in every other auto loan I have ever had.

Management style is really bad. There is no defined way from the management team how you will get assigned for each project. There is a lot of talks flying around in the building.  Employees spend time gossiping....and talk about other employees. Someone talked me about the lady called Susan(she does some kind of managerial work, talk). There is a person called Susan ... seems like everyone talks about her in the building and I have no idea how many years she has been working there. Probably many years. But looks like everyone talks about her. Tony.  Go back to work, Navy.

I am very happy being a member of this credit union. The customer service is always great and I feel they have very competitive rates for loans etc The only issue I have had is that there is not enough of them! I wish that they were more accessible in areas as I would do more banking, saving with them. They often have incentives for friend referrals where both you and the new member get $50-$100 which is great as you know recommending them to a friend/family/colleague is safe as I can say I have not had a bad experience with them as of yet.

I have been a NFCU member now since 2009. I was able to join through a family member's account and since then my son has also joined.  We have checking, savings, credit card and are looking at using them for a car loan. Their rates on loans are extremely favorable. Since joining we have been extremely satisfied with their customer service at the branch we use, everyone is always service with a smile and very helpful. Their online support for web services has been good!

We had a wonderful experience applying for and switching our car loan to Navy Federal. When I purchased my first new car I was not familiar with the process and admittedly did not do any research beforehand. My husband and I walked out of the dealership with a new car financed terribly (through the dealership). When we realized what a horrible mistake we had made (we were paying close to 7%), we called Navy Federal to get a new loan. They were running a special at the time and they actually paid us $250 to refinance with them! I really enjoyed speaking with the agents on the phone because they walked us through the process. This may be condescending to some, but we were so dumb to the process we appreciated it a lot. Our new rate was astoundingly low and we could pay online by simply transferring money from one account to the other.  One final thought: although I LOVE Navy Fed I have found that going in person to a branch is a nightmare. The wait times are ridiculous and the staff are over worked and not as friendly as those on the phone. Thus the 4 star rating on "customer service". My advice is always call in for anything with this credit union.

i have been a nfcu member since 1972 and im not happy i live in scotland and i have all kinds of problems with fraud and rejecting my go rewards card... i have been on the phone for over 2 hours today because they cant get my uk address right...i am going to close my account and look for a beter bank as they do not care to keep long term customers

I love my navy federal credit union savings account.  It's so easy to transfer money between my husband's account and mine by using their online banking website and phone applications.  When there was suspected fraud on my account the bank worked quickly with me to resolve the issue. I also love that it offers good rates for military members to honor their service

I have been a Navy Federal Credit Union member for 5 years now. I have a few different accounts with them and one credit card I keep for emergencies. About 3 months ago I got a call from the fraud department of the credit card asking me if I had bought 2 plane tickets to Texas. I told them I did not make that purchase and that was the end. I then called the credit union to get more info. The person I spoke too was very knowledgable of the situation and gave me some tips on how deal with this in the future, My only issue was I wish they had told me sooner, but all chagres were removed and all is well.

I adore Navy Federal Credit Union and their checking account.. I earn actual interest every month.  I have never had better customer service with any other bank. They really do care about their customers. It was quick and easy to open my account and be approved. They also helped me to set up my savings account at the same time. For us there is not better bank than Navy Federal!

I love Navy Federal Credit Union!  I've been using them for 6+ years and I've never once had a problem.  Their customer service is fantastic whether in person or over the phone.  They have great rates on credit cards, auto loans and mortgages.  Their checking and savings accounts have no fees and are easy and convenient to use.  I currently have their checking account, savings account, and credit card. The credit card has one of the best rates I've ever seen.  I have also used their auto refinancing program in the past and got a great rate (something like 2-3% if I remember correctly).  I constantly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union to friends and coworkers.

My spouse and I have been loyal checking and savings accounts holders with Navy Federal Credit union for almost seven years. No matter what questions we have or what issues may arise, their staff is always extremely helpful and polite. Being that my spouse serves in the military and we move often the last thing we want to do is worry about the customer service or money handling at our bank. No matter who asks we will always recommend your services to others in the armed forces. Thank you for making bank with you so easy!

I have used Navy Federal Credit Union to handle my banking needs while serving in the United States Armed Forces. For many service members, this is not optional. Navy Fed is the only bank that has presence in most Marine Corps and Naval bases. However, their customer service is terrible. You are treated as a troop, and not as a customer that is depositing their hard earned money for them to lend out and collect interest.

I had an account for about 12 years. Started as just a savings account because I was stationed overseas and only overseas military members could apply. I was told to establish an account while I could as I would need it later. Bought my first brand new car with a loan from Navy Federal. I paid that off and gave the car to my parents while I went out to sea.   I then had another great experience as a loan officer in Pensacola, FL convinced me to get a preapproved new car loan. Going to the car dealer and negotiating as though I had cash was wonderful.   Then I got out of the NAVY and the treatment I received from NAVY Federal became offensive. I was talked down to. I was mis-lead about my options regarding payment plans. I finally had to leave the credit union and take my business with me.

Navy Federal Credit Union is an excellent credit union. I had the privilege of inheriting use of the credit union through my grandfather who was in the navy. The checking features rival those of any major bank; I can access my funds online, create savings account and budgets and access customer support easily. I have only had a few problems, my own fault where I lost passwords or my wallet was stolen, and customer service was exceedingly helpful. They have both online and phone systems and you don't have to wait very long to talk to an actual person, unlike with something like Bank of America. I would recommend this credit union to anyone who is eligible to join.

I have been using Navy Federal for about 5 years now. I have checking, savings, and auto loans through them. They are almost as easy to work with as USAA, though they ARE easier to work with when it comes to WHO may receive an account through them. Anyone who lives with me is able to also get an account through them, which is extremely handy. Also their auto loan rates are close to the lowest available, and if you’re an E-7 or higher you can get another percent off what the initial authorized rate is.

Navy Federal has been amazing. Ever since I first opened my account with them over 3 years ago, they have always helped me with an issues that have came up. Every time I deposit money into my checking account, it always posts within a day. They are incredibly fast and extremely fast. The only issue I had was that they don't have many locations. So when I traveled with my first job, it was difficult to deposit my checks, but on their app I was actually able to upload a picture of my check and deposit it that way. I love banking with such amazing people that I know that I can trust.

My wife and I have been with Navy Federal for several years. We have never had an issue and never run into any problems. Their customer service is fantastic and eager to help whenever needed. When we called to open our account the rep actually went out of their way to notify us of a promotion that would get us some extra money into our accounts. Their online system is easy to use and not confusing. Their basic checking accounts are not complex and have no hidden fees. I truly feel like Navy Federal is there to help me and not take my money. Overall I could not recommend this bank enough. They are there for the people and not for the money.

A roommate recommended Navy Federal to me because he had been with them for years and was very satisfied.  I wanted a second bank to use for self-employment income, so I opened my checking and savings accounts online with my friend as my sponsor. It was an easy process, and my account was set up in just a few minutes. I also applied for a Navy Fed credit card the day I opened the account, and was approved right away for a cash back rewards card with a generous limit. I've had nothing but positive experiences with this credit union, and their customer service has been fantastic. My only complaint is that the local branch is always busy, so there is usually quite a wait to do anything that a teller can’t handle. But I have been able to take care of most of what I need over the phone without the long wait, and I love the ease of their online banking because it is not always convenient to go into the branch.  I recommend Navy Fed to anyone who is eligible for membership.

After 9 years with Navy Federal I had the worst customer service experience. The member "John" was rude and condescending.  When I asked for his supervisor he responded "I don't have one". I simply called in with my employer on like trying rocketeer an error regarding my direct deposit which I have had for 3 years. I immediately hung up, went to Bank of America and opened up an account. Good-Bye Navy Federal and because you don't appreciate you customers... GOOD RIDDANCE!

I love Credit Unions. They care about the customer more than a big bank and the ones that have selective membership (Navy Federal Credit Union) are even better. Navy Federal Credit Union really cares about it's customers, you're not just an account or a source for fees like at a big commercial bank.  It's super easy to set up an account if you or an immediate family member is or was part of the navy, they have a wide range of services (checking, savings, debit, etc) and a customer service department that blows everyone else away. It's just the best credit union you could hope for.  I can't recommend them enough.

My husband and I just opened a checking account with Navy Federal Credit Union after selling our vehicle to someone who banked with them. The easiest way for us to get paid was to open a checking account. The process was very quick and easy, and the representative was very helpful. I would definitely recommend anyone who needs a trustworthy credit union to bank with Navy Federal. They are great, military friendly, and very helpful!

I had a checking account with Nave Federal for years and never had any issues.  At one point, I had an identity theft issue, and the perpetrator emptied out my checking account and racked up several overcharge fees.  Navy Federal worked with me and the authorities to get all of my money restored to me, and refunded me any fees.  I could not be more satisfied with the resolution process and all the folks at Navy Federal for their help.  I would recommend anybody who is eligible to do all the business you can with Navy Federal Credit Union

I've been banking with Navy Federal for 20 years and have always experienced the same great service without exception. My father helped me open my account as a teenager when he was still active duty in the military, but since then I have opened up a credit line with Navy Federal, as well as a separate bank account for my business. I'm such a fan of Navy Federal that I recommend them to anyone who may qualify. A lot of people who don't think they're eligible actually are, for example if you live at the same address as a Navy Federal member or military personnel you're eligible to open an account with this bank. I recently convinced my civilian husband to switch from his old bank to Navy Fed and I'm pleased to say he he loves it just as much as I do. We never have any problems, the customer service is amazing and the bank is fair and truly takes care of its customers. Although in the past I have used other banks, I never experienced the same level of trust and care that I always receive through Navy Fed. As such I closed out my accounts with other banks and have stuck with this one ever since. I will never use a bank other than Navy Federal again. Highly, highly recommended.

I am a closing coordinator for a new home builder. Over the last several years I have had several buyers in my pipeline who banked with NFCU; these buyers were diehard committed to NFCU to the degree that they willingly gave up our builder contribution in the thousands of dollars towards their closing costs by declining using our preferred lender and going directly to NFCU for their financing needs. I was quite surprised by this and at the same time it piqued my curiosity. I began researching NFCU. I was very impressed by what I saw and after a couple of weeks made the decision to move my banking to NFCU. I am family of military personnel who bank with NFCU so I was able to open an account. More than two years later I do almost all my financial transactions with them. I have always received outstanding service from NFCU; I have banked with BofA, BB&T, Wachovia, and a couple others over the course of my life and none of them can hold a candle to my outstanding experience with NFCU. I absolutely highly recommend this credit union. I've read some negative comments from others but the majority of those that I have read admit to late payments and the subsequent locking of their accounts; I don't agree with posting negative feedback on situations the individual caused by paying their bills late. NFCU is a federally regulated credit union (non profit) whose shareholders are us, their members/customers. With all of us sharing this awesome powerhouse of a financial institution that is NFCU, we have a commitment to each other to handle our finances responsibly and NFCU has a fiduciary commitment to us to protect our investment in them. After all, it is you and I plus the other five million + members together that form the core of this wonderful credit union that allows us to enjoy the benefits we do. Pay your bills/debts on time as you promised to do when you borrowed that money and you'll be golden. Our country runs on credit and credit is bestowed based on how responsible you are...it is not an entitlement, as many people tend to think it is. My parents taught me to always pay your debts first every month, even if that means you eat tomato soup and crackers for the next 30 days. I love NFCU!

I am prior military but it is thanks to my sister that I was able to join NFCU. Now I am passing this great opportunity to my kids by giving them their very own savings accounts. The employees are friendly and I love that they take the time to deal with my kids (6 and 8). Love that there are no penalties if you balance is low and they also offer great rates on mortgage loans and credit cards. If you are eligible to get an account there now, get it! Or you will be like me and have to figure out another way in. Only bad thing is, they don't have many locations.

Overall they are top notch. Credit Unions kick butt and Navy Federal credit Union takes it to another level.  They are also a great place to rebuild credit, and they don't take advantage of you like other "re-builders."  For example, I easily got their secured card, but one of their reps suggested I go for an unsecured. So after being a member for a week they approved me for an unsecured cashRewards card with a rather high limit and better than average APR considering my score (595-600ish Fico).   They took a chance on me when absolutely no one else would.   Customer service is top notch. No hidden fees and nonsense with their checking and savings accounts. They even give super generous credit limits for their Checking Line of Credit. I rarely use it but it's nice to know that I will NEVER have another overdraft fee again, plus if I am desperate you can write checks direct from that checking line of credit.  I rarely pay ATM fees. Super competitive rates for loans. And again, customer service blows the banks out of the water. You get the level of service that only high rollers can get at a national bank.  Only issues I have are just some of the normal downsides of credit unions. Like lack of branches on every corner. Because of that I still keep a normal bank in my portfolio in case I ever need something done quickly.

I have been a customer at Navy Federal for almost 2 years now. I've used this bank for Checking, Saving, Credit, and personal loans. Hands down, Navy Fed has the best customer service I have EVER received from a bank. Their 24 hour customer service which provides real Americans to talk to is second to none. The only issue I have against Navy Fed is their lack of physical bank locations which can make transactions tough if you aren't in a big military area. (San Diego certainly makes it easy). Other than that, Navy Fed is a great bank who I trust 100 percent.

I have been with NFCU since 2003 and I have always been very pleased with their customer service, online access and availability of branches and atms that I can use to access my account. There have never been any hidden fees and everything is always processed in a timely manner. The statements are upfront, clearly laid out and easy to access online. If I ever have any questions, I can always call and be on the phone with a representative in less than a minute, usually. NFCU rocks!

I have been a customer of Navy Federal for just under 10 years now and would have to say that their Checking account among other things (loans/credit card) are top notch in their business. I have used my checking account to automatically pay for my car loan with them and it has been worry free throughout the whole experience. They have also made the same move their competitor has with refunding ATM transaction fees.  The biggest pro of having a checking account with Navy Federal is that you also get the great benefit of their awesome loan programs. They currently have a deal now that if you refinance through them you get 250$ deposited back into your checking account!   My biggest con with Navy Federal is no longer an issue, but they used to be pretty bad with their overdraft fees. Often times I would make several withdrawals and they wouldn't immediately update on the account. This was about 6 or 7 years ago and since then they have made overdraft protection very simple to setup. Not only can you link your savings account with your checking you also have the option of setting a credit card as the overdraft account.   I would certainly recommend anyone in the Armed Services, even if you are already a member of USAA to sign up with Navy Federal as they are great when it comes to auto loans.

I recently switched to Navy Federal from USAA and I have to say I love Navy Federal the fact that they are a credit union means they are non profit organization unlike USAA. Ever since I opened the account it has been nothing but a breeze and customer service treats you like your in VIP it is amazing.

I have been a member of Navy FCU for many years now and absolutely love it!  They offer very competitive rates to satisfy all of my banking needs.  I have had checking and savings with Navy from day one but recently had my mortgage through them as well because were better than the rest.  Above all, Navy FCU stands out because it has superior customer service.  Whatever you need from Navy FCU they deliver on target and on time.

I really love Navy Federal. I don't live anywhere near a branch, but they have several methods with which I can deposit checks - scanning, free envelopes, and even with my phone. Best of all, checking is FREE and pays interest! When I do have a problem, customer service always helps me out, promptly, politely and accurately. I also love the overdraft protection feature. I never have to worry about a fee for being overdrawn. I would never bank anywhere else.

I have been a loyal customer of Navy Federal Credit Union for 20 years, and in that time I have never had a complaint. I always get my direct deposit early. I have literally NEVER been denied for a loan. Their customer service is top-notch. And when the government shut-down and there was a risk that military members might not get paid, Navy Federal Credit Union announced that it would pay it's members their usual deposits, and recoup the payments when we received our back pay once the government "re-opened". Although the government shutdown never came to that, that level of commitment to their customers is unparalleled.

I really enjoy this savings account! I am not like most people where I don't actually touch the savings. It is so hard to save money since we usually live paycheck to paycheck and I like that we aren't penalized for withdrawing money and we don't have to keep a minimum in the account. I never understood that. I know that they are a business but why should I have to keep a certain amount saved? It's my account and what I can save and what I want to save. I have absolutely no complaints with Navy Federal.

I've been affiliated with Navy Federal Credit Union since 2000. If I've ever had a problem acquiring a loan, they've been very transparent with their reasoning, and I find their rates for loans that I have obtained have been very competitive. At one point, I actually had my parents asking if I could help them acquire an account with the bank, but I never pursued it. They changed their mind. The reason they changed their mind, and the one star mark I have against the bank, there are so few of their credit unions. They are either abundant and impossible to find. It does help you can make deposits by 'image capture' on your phone and they're affiliated with a lot of private banks, so you don't have to pay atm fees. However, sometimes you really just want to have a face-to-face encounter with your bank without the hour-and-a-half drive. It kinda stinks, but I wouldn't drop my account over it.

I have been a loyal customer with Navy Federal Credit Union for some time now.  I have no complaints but have a lot of things that I like.  I like the on-line banking features.  One neat feature that they have is that you can view your processed checks right on-line.  I also like how quickly they have approved loans that I have needed in the past.  I also like that they have very good loan rates.  Another plus is that I have always received great customer service.

There are three things that I like about this card.  The first is the very low rate that I have on this  card, well under 10%.  The second thing that I like is how easy it is to track payments and balances on line. The third thing is that you  earn rewards.

I like it, however, their reward is misleading, they credit your statement but treat that credit as a decrease to the purchase for the airfare, so you lose the reward points on that portion of the new purchase, so you are not really getting the full 2%

I love Navy Federal Credit Union although I have had a relationship with them for a short while. So far, its all good. I have only had one serious issue that was never resolved. I was referred by an immediate family member to open an account with Navy Federal Credit Union. I opened my account and was told that I would receive $50 for opening the account. Well, after about 30 days I had not received the $50. I was told by the Customer Service representative that they were having a delay in the deposits due to the high response level and that I would have my $50 incentive deposited into the account. I contacted the Customer Service department after about 90 days of having an active account.  I was told that they had no record of a $50 incentive. Since I enjoy having my account, I decided not to pursue the $50, but I must say that it is very deceptive to tell potential customers that you will receive $50 if they open the account, but not deliver on the promise once they do open the account does not look good at all. I will not refer anyone to Navy Federal Credit Union when they claim they will give the applicant a financial incentive because I never received my incentive.

I had this when I went back to college. They're great for college kids instead of banks in general, because:  Lower fees.  Interest earned for both checking and savings accounts.  Member benefits that regular banks do not offer.  Higher interest rates (meaning, higher interest that is paid to you, not that you have to pay).  No ATM fees  FDIC(?) NUAC insured just like a regular bank is insured by the FDIC. Some credit unions have additional insurances that will help protect your money.

I joined Navy Federal Credit Union nearly 10 years ago after switching from a major national banking chain. Navy Federal has done more for me than that last bank ever did, and has made my banking experience more enjoyable than I thought it could be. From the little rewards you receive for using your credit card, to the ease of their application processes, I have never been disappointed. Navy federal's customer service is on an entirely new level. There have been instances where my account was subject to fraudulent purchases, however Navy Federal let me know what was happening and stopped the offender immediately. Navy Federal even put the money back in to my account almost instantaneously. As long as Navy Federal exists, I will be one of their loyal customers.

I have had a checking account with Navy Federal Credit Union for almost 10 years and have never had a problem with them. From their courteous customer service to their simple online application processes, they have fully lived up to my expectations of what a bank should strive to be. Never have I felt that my bank would fail me in any way, and I encourage everyone that is eligible to join to give Navy Federal a chance.

Great place. Been a member since I was a kid. Tellers are professional, and more than will to assist you. Its a shame they aren't everywhere. Otherwise I'd bank with them now. Hopefully we'll see a little growth in the future. Credit Unions like this are just to rare. Great job NFCU

My daughter is 19 and opened an account, so she could learn to balance her money and have an account while attending college this fall. She worked for the Goodwill and had automatic deposit. One day she was unable to login to her account and thought she'd forgotten her account info. She waited a few days and tried again. Unable to log in she went in to the nearest branch and they changed her password, without informing her that someone had deposited two large checks in her account and was able to go into another branch and withdraw the money on the same day of the deposit. The credit union didn't inform her until she tried to get money. She went in filled out paperwork and then they lost it. We tried to speak with security, we spoke with bank managers, employees, but no one from the security department ever spoke with her. They had pictures of the person who they let withdraw money. In the end, Navy Federal, without speaking with my daughter, decided that she had done this horrible thing to herself. Charged her account and kept her summer paychecks, without even speaking with her. The staff became rude and would not try to help. We have no where to turn. This has made my daughter untrusting of the banking industry, and I don't blame her. I am on a committee at another credit union and we would have never handled the situation like this multibillion dollar credit union. My daughter is out of over $2,500 because they didn't check the person ID, the bank manager allowed someone to withdraw money from an account on the same day a check for over $2,500 was deposited into the account. The check was from an out of state bank. My daughter is female, the person withdrawing the money was male. My daughters account had up to that point never had more $500 deposited at one time and the deposits were from an employer. This happened in March/April and as far as Navy Federal is concerned the issue is closed. We've contacted NAFCU, CPFB and no one will go against Navy Federal. No one will even help! So customer beware. Oh, the branch manager told us that there was a crime ring going around and stealing peoples information and doing just what happened, but Navy Federal Security Department didn't seem to care.

I do enjoy my checking account with Navy Federal Credit Union, however the one gripe that I have with the service is the fact that I only get 6 transfers a month. And when I have used these up, I basically cannot get money for the month, unless I drive all the way to my local branch with ID. However, the bank is good in almost every other way, so for this I can not complain.

Pretty much the best bank account I've ever had. My credit card information was stolen and someone had a good time in Yonkers, NY at my expense. I was able to reach a live English speaking agent on a Sunday night at 7 pm. How many banks have these hours? Next to none. The female rep walked me through the fraud process and once the charges actually posted, they were reversed immediately. Within a week it was like it never happened. I can rest easy knowing I have  bank that employees real people that are always there to help.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for over 10 years and they are a great day-to-day bank. I love their online banking. However, I have had two bad experiences with them during other interactions. The first one was when I applied for a car loan. I did not know what car I wanted but I knew what I wanted to spend. I applied for the loan, found a car and waited for the check. The check came back a different amount because they subtracted the amount of my trade in. It was so odd and I had a horrible time on the phone with them trying to straighten it out. The next time is when I bought my home. I needed copies of my bank statements stamped by them. I do not live near a branch but they claim that they are a great bank for service member that live all over the world and that you don't need to live near a branch because they are prepared to handle anything, Well, getting those statements were impossible! I kept getting sent from one department to another then back to the first while everyone passed the buck. This was time sensitive because I was applying for a mortgage but I went through days of spending hours talking to people, no exaggeration. I cried, I pleaded, it was insane. They send me documents but they were wrong, then they weren't stamped. I finally posted my issue on their Facebook page and a resolution specialist contacted me. She finally got everything resolved, they even credited my account for my trouble. Like I said, I love their online banking but if I run into another problem, I will probably change to a local bank after 10 years.

I've been a member of the Navy Federal Credit Union since I was a child.  My father set up my very first savings account here, and I've kept it going ever since.  In the beginning this was a great credit union, but over the years, they have seem to gone down hill.  Their interest rates are higher than a lot of places, so I usually tend to do loans, and things like that somewhere else.  Due to the slump they have seem to fallen into, I've actually considered closing this account out for good.

irst things first, i have been banking with them since 1992, back in the day they were the only bank to deal with when i served.   skip forward 22+ years.   now i am a number not a name, they lost the personal touch.  I tried to get a loan after my divorce and rather than talking to me gathering information about the circumstances, i was just another call to say your denied. they were not there to help me when i needed it.   the final straw that brings me to the rating, i have been divorced for sometime my ex wife opened an account with them using my status.  I confronted them with the information, and well nothing was done. she did not serve, she is not a contractor...   so if your uncle bob has a roommate in college that was in rotc you can join.   overall not a good bank avoid them if you can.  check the reviews on Yelp

I got this card as my very first credit card. It was an excellent decision as it has no annual fee and unlimited 1% cash back abilities. I was able to build my credit and put all purchases on the card to receive the reward, which is worth it as long as you pay off the balance every statement! Its like free money. The customer service is great and I have never had a problem. I opted to do everything online and am able to pay and get my rewards via online. Very easy!

My father was in the military and I was fortunate enough to be blessed with the ability to be a part of Navy Federal Credit Union. I have multiple accounts and credit cards with Navy Federal and one of those is their savings account. It has reasonable interest and allows for multiple transfers a month. There are no fees and the customer service is always excellent. I would recommend NFCU to anyone that is eligible for their services!

What I like most about this credit card is that it's through my bank so I can do all my banking through one business. It was the first credit card I have gotten and I didn't have any issues with it. I do like that you get cash back with this card. I have a tendency to use this card and immediately pay off the balance just that I can get cash back. The only thing I do not like about this card is if I don't pay it immediately off, it has a pretty high interest rate. I would definitely recommend this card unless you are planning on keeping a high balance on this card at most times.

Navy federal credit union has been an excellent credit union for me. The online banking is very easy to use especially if you have joint accounts with family members, along with the online banking the mobile banking is just as easy. The employees are very helpful and nice when in the actual bank and on the phone. There is no overdraft fee which is especially nice. The only issue I have ever had was when some charges such as gas charges hit my card a week later and not right away because they were charged as to credit not debit, the representative I spoke with on the phone was not the most helpful or friendly which was very frustrating but other than that everyone I have spoke with at NFCU over the past 6 years or so has been very helpful and friendly.

I have always had a great experience in several branches throughout the country, as well as on the 1-800 number.  All my issues have been resolved in a very timely manner and every representative has been very courteous.  I have had this account for over ten years, and the experience has consistently been above and beyond what I have expected.

My husband and I needed a reliable car.  Our credit is not pristine and we had offers for used car loans with very high rates.  Being members at Navy Federal, we applied online, were approved and picked up our check that afternoon.  Our Used car interest rate was less than 3%!! We were able to purchase a vehicle that surpassed our expectations with payments we could live with! Thank you Navy Federal!!!

I have banked with another credit union and had many issues so I switched to Navy Federal. I have not had a single issue since becoming a member over a year ago. I have a checking account with wonderful overdraft protection, a cd that accrues more interest with Navy Federal than it did with the previous credit union I banked with, and a savings account, and a credit card with a great APR and a decent limit. I am on the path to rebuilding my credit and the people and services at Navy Federal have really helped me in that endeavor. I will never bank anywhere else!

I have had my Navy Federal Savings Account since I was about 5 years old, and nothing has changed. The service is excellent, six transfers a month is the right amount for all the locations they have around, and my savings account can have no money, and will not be closed.(I am a college student) I will soon have my credit card from them as well, and the interest rate is actually perfect for me.

Navy Federal customer service is the best out, I have never had any problems with that, and the application process is quick and easy, because I applied for my Check Card and was accepted almost instantly. The only problem I have ever faced with Navy Federal is that an ATM machine took my savings card because It was expired and it took them about two weeks to send me another one but I understand. Overall Navy Federal is a great bank for those who qualify.

I switched to this credit union from USAA federal credit union because I was fed up with USAA!  I love that Navy Federal Credit Union has local branches at almost every location a military base is located, meaning I can get help in person about problems right away.  The staff is friendly and actually takes the time to talk with you and find problems that suit your needs.   Their resolution team is quick and efficient!   I use the bill pay system to pay my bills seamlessly and have only had two problems since I have been using it for the past year!  I love Navy Federal and plan on opening an account soon for my 4 year twins so they can have a savings account.

Much like the other reviewers, I have been a member of NFCU since I was very young. They have always provided high quality customer service and easy online banking. The mobile banking is also extremely easy and convenient to use. Even though I no longer live near a location, I am able to deposit checks quickly and easily. My account information was stolen and the fraud department handled the complaint swiftly and efficiently; the value of the fraudulent charges was returned to my account within a week (if I remember correctly) and a new card was sent to me in the mail very quickly. I have never had any problems with NFCU and will continue to bank with them in the future.

I have banked with Navy Federal for over five years, and I can honestly say that I've never had a problem with them at all. They've always had speedy customer service and have been more than helpful in times of financial difficulty as well as times when I was doing well. I would absolutely recommend them.

I have had this savings account since at least 1991 and have no regrets about it. Although I also have two other savings accounts, this one gives a reliably high interest rate (as opposed to other accounts that offer an initial high interest rate and then take it away later) and any issues that I've had (which have been few and minor) have been very quickly remedied.  Transferring to and from both internal and external accounts with NFCU is also very easy!

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union since I was a small child (5-6 years old at least, possibly earlier, I don't remember).  I have had very few problems with my accounts over the years and the few problems that I have had have been very quickly and easily resolved. They would be my first choice for a mortgage or car loan if I were to buy one, and I currently have both a checking and savings account with them.  The only downside is that you need to have a connection to the armed forces or an existing member in order to get an account. If you qualify, though, I would highly recommend them!

Honestly? I have never had a huge serious issue with this bank and I know that if I did I would never hesitate that they would fix it immediately. Just last week I called to let them know that I was going to be out of the country and I felt like I was talking to my best friend on the phone. She was AMAZING and totally understanding. She even told me some places to see while in Europe. I couldn't be a happier customer and I will always bank here.

I cannot praise Navy Federal Credit Union enough.  I have used them for a variety of services, including basic banking, loans, and my current mortgage, and they have always been attentive and responsive to my requests.  I have never had a negative customer interaction experience with Navy Federal, and during all of my experiences their employees went out of their way to be helpful and went above and beyond to meet my needs.  I highly recommend them.

Navy Federal is my bank of choice for all my banking. I have tried other banks and Navy Federal is the best. They have 24 hour customer service for loans, service on accounts, and credit cards. Their interest rates are the lowest that I have found. Their customer service staff is in the United States and not difficult to understand.   The loan process is quick through Navy Federal. Many times you can get instant approval when you apply. I had an issue not long ago where I believed that someone may be trying to get into my bank account and I called and they explained to me what safe guards they can put in place. We added the extra security and now I feel that everything will be fine. Thank you Navy Federal!!

Navy Federal Credit Union has been an excellent place to do our checking, saving, and children's accounts with for the past 3 years. Even when I am not close enough to visit their stores, they provide amazing customer service, and value through online and mobile banking.  I recommend this bank to anyone that can access it.

I really love this credit union. I opened an account when I joined the military. They have wonderful customer service as well. They are very timely and when I go there I'm always out in 15 minutes or less. I do agree with another viewer that it's difficult to find one when not on a military installation though. I had the same issue.

I have been a member of Navy Federal since 2009. I have checking, a savings, and an auto loan through them. I could not ask for a better bank. The checking account is easy to manage online. There are zero hidden fees. And their customer service is there to answer my questions 24/7. The only draw-back I have would be that when I joined I lived in a Military town and there was basically a branch on every corner, now I live outside of Atlanta and there is only one branch, it is about an hour away from me and has very limited hours.

NFCU is a fantastic credit union for many reasons. First, having the capability to have my checking account connected to my parents and other family members, make it very easy to transfer money within seconds rather than depositing a check. NFCU's website and mobile phone app are extremely easy to navigate and use, much easier than any other bank's websites I have used. Also, not having an overdraft fee in my checking account is very helpful especially when I do overdraft and I do not have to worry about being charged. Lastly, their service is excellent, very friendly employees and always take care of any issues very quickly whether a deposit still has not gone through or I lost my checking card.

I use Navy Federal Credit Union and I am not very happy. For starters, they have very few locations so if you need to get money out, you will almost always have to pay a fee. Second, when you do go into a branch, they literally only have one to two tellers so the service is slow. Third, the hours are much shorter than regular banks. Finally, their internet website is lacking. It is hard to navigate and takes a long time to load. If I make a purchase, it can take days to show up. Not a bank I would recommend.

I must say that I was quite surprised by this bank because I was not really aware of them until moving to Florida. I opened my account, which is the same that my boyfriend has, and I have had no issues with them. They gave me a bonus for opening the account and another bonus for being referred by a current member. I know that we all want to treat our veterans the best we can and I can say that Navy Federal definitely does that. This bank caters to veterans, as well as their families and anyone living with them. I'm glad I joined them for my banking needs and have no regrets. I recently used the customer service line which can be a pain, but they were great. The agent was very polite and answered all my questions. The wait time was very short and they prompted me during the wait time which was great. I definitely recommend them!

In some ways, Navy Federal is good because it is closed access to some people. So I know that fellow military members and their children and spouses will be using the same services as me. I like knowing that and it makes me feel more comfortable and more open to talk to people when in line at the bank. However, I dislike the fact that whenever I go to use my card, it gets declined at many common stores and they can never seem to tell me why. Although I have more than enough money in my account and my card is not expired, this always happens to me.

I have been in the NAVY and first signed up for my account quite some years ago.  This was probably my best choice as they have been able to help establish credit when I was too young to have any and was able to get the car loans to get me around while I was stationed in San Diego.  I highly recommend NFCU.

I became a member back in 1978 when I began my first job. My children and all of my family are members. Customer service has been adequate and problems are always resolved eventually. However, in recent years I have become aware of the profit our credit union is making, which is not passed onto its members. I expect considerably lower rates than the general public but have never gotten those low rates. When I needed a bank for business Navy Federal refused. Now they accept a business account because it will make more money. The values of the company are unstable, at best.

I've been with Navy Federal Credit Union since 2007 and I have never been happier with a bank.  When my purse was stolen they were so quick to refund my money and mail out new cards.  They helped me through every step of the process, even stopping payment on stolen checks when I didn't even think to ask for that!   I've held a car loan, credit cards, checking and savings accounts with them.  The rates are very reasonable, the customer service is above and beyond what it needs to be, they don't send junk mail and the online banking is very user friendly.  The phone app is also really easy to use and offers every option you need.  Often times I pay my credit card balance off right from my phone from my checking account in an instant.   I'd highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union to anyone who is eligible for an account.

I’ve had a savings account with Navy Federal Credit Union for many years. I like to use this as my long term savings account because it is in an account I don’t have an easy way to withdraw my money from. The interest rates are fantastic and the few times I’ve needed to contact someone, they have been able to resolve my issues very quickly. If you are eligible to become a member of the credit union, don’t hesitate. It’s by far one of the best out there. Their rates for CDs are good, but I generally prefer more immediate access to my money in cases of emergency. I know I don’t get the return I would but feel it is worth it for the accessibility.

I've had a savings account with Navy Federal since I was about 4 or 5. It offers some of the best interest rates you can find on an account like this. Additionally, Navy Federal was the only bank that would approve me for a credit card when I first started building my credit. It was a small amount, but I found the interest rate to be fair, considering I had absolutely no credit before. I've also got a car loan through them and was able to get the vehicle financed at 3.5% interest with only 6 months worth of credit history. The entire process took 15 minutes, minus the time it took to drive up to the bank and pick up the documents. I was in and out of the bank in 10.   I've had to contact the call center a few times, once to report my wallet was lost and that I needed to order a new credit card. They were incredibly helpful and nice about everything and my card came in very fast. Overall, I am incredibly happy with my banking experience through Navy Federal and highly recommend them to anyone looking for a bank.

I find that my bank is very easy to work with and talk to. Every time I've needed assistance for anything over the phone, they worked with me to get my issues resolved. The customer service representatives have always been knowledgeable and polite. The bank's website is making continual advancements to make it easy to use while maintaining the expected level of security. They have also released an app to facilitate check deposits via smartphone camera. If an app is inconvenient they also support check deposits online through a scanned image. I would recommend Navy Federal Credit Union to all my friends and family.

Navy Federal Credit Union is an outstanding institution to hold money. The customer service personnel are nice, helpful and knowledgeable on customer's accounts, especially checking accounts. Whenever I make a visit, I encounter a very convenient associate who smiles and makes me feel like a champion, definitely a feeling I would want to experience again and again. In addition to great customer service, the Navy Federal Credit Union services expands greatly and conveniently through the phone, which allows for on the go help that satisfies my money intents whenever I surely please. Navy Federal Credit Union is a very convenient credit union that I take a keen fonding in and feel safe putting my money into my checking account and have not had any serious problems with my money since my joining over 10 years ago. I also take a great liking in the fact that I am able to get money from ATM machines all over the world, for free, in one of the most destinations without an ATM fee than any other credit union or bank in the world.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for my entire marriage. I was happy to get to join when I married my husband who had an account. Most of these years, we lived far away from Navy Federal, but made full use of their online banking and local ATMs. It's easy to find cooperating ATMs that are in-network so that they are free to use. In fact, I have only set foot in a Navy Federal branch once in my life. We have always had very helpful service from them whether in person, on the phone or via computer. I think I will always be a Navy Federal Credit Union member and highly recommend them to anyone else who qualifies for membership.

I became a member of Navy Federal years ago when I was in the military. I was impressed then with the high rate of service I received. Now I am a veteran and I am still a member. I have always been treated with the utmost respect whenever I go in or call. I love that I can call anytime day or night and reach a real person I can actually understand. They are always nice and knowledgeable about any issue I may have. I would never switch to another bank. I would recommend this bank to anyone that qualifies to apply.

love the rewards i have gained through the years but the rewards website is not working.

I love this credit card. It helps us to get the necessary things in life, like gas, groceries and gifts for others. Around this time of year it comes in handy for Christmas gifts and birthday gifts. Thank you Navy Federal!

I have held this card for over 5 years now, and I can not imagine having a better card. My interest rate is better than what most cards will offer someone with my credit which is a huge plus. I also enjoy the fact that they will call me when there are suspect charges on the card to verify if I am using it or not, I once got a call about my card being used in Germany, which was not me, and they handled everything, stopped the payments and I never even saw any of the activity on my bill. The customer service is top notch, I have never run into any issues that they wouldn't work with me on, they even helped me set up a card for my wife as well as a joint card! I would recommend this card to anyone that can get it, also the rewards are great too, my favorite is getting the Visa prepaid gift card which you can use anywhere just like cash!

I have been very satisfied with navy federal over the last several years. As a military member I find that i need to be able to manage my accounts from all over the world and even on a ship in the middle of the pacific. As well as mobile banking and online access, NFCU also has branches at most military installations, including US bases overseas. NFCU is a must for military personnel. They had the most competitive rates for my mortgage and helped me with using a VA loan. One feature I like is the ATM fee reimbursement. They reimburse  up to $10 in ATM fees every month.

I've been with Navy Federal for 2 years now thanks to my husband's military service, and I am very glad we made the switch.   They have wonderful customer service and I like the ease of use (you can deposit checks via mobile, which is pretty cool).   Getting financing with them is a breeze as well. They made the whole car-buying process way easier and online bill pay is nice.   My only qualm with Navy Federal is that they sometimes hang onto your direct deposits for an extra day, so you'd better make sure you're good at budgeting!  We will continue to stay with NFCU for many years to come.

I have been a navy federal member for over 4 years. I must say that it has been an absolute pleasure to do business with them. One thing that appeals the most to being a navy federal customer is that I do not pay a monthly maintenance fee for having an account. I also enjoy that I can deposits checks via internet. This interest me because I do not have to leave the comfort of my home to deposit checks. I also have the navy federal app on my android phone which I use often. Navy federal also offers affordable loans for loyal customers.

My fiancee is in the Navy and has the extreme honor and privilege of joining the Navy Federal Credit Union. There are no minimum balances, no starting fees, and access to echecking from anywhere in the world. When stationed overseas, I can put money into my fiancee's account, and he is able to access ATM's almost anywhere in the world and be able to withdraw money. The other great thing about the Navy Federal Credit Union is customer service. For those who have USAA as your credit card and insurance companies, you know how great servicemen and women's financial support can be. 24/7 service support with lots of security features that protect those who fight for our country. He's been a member for more than 4 years, and will continue to use them for a long time.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for approximately five years and I have nothing but good things to say about them.  They have made it very easy to complete the application process for both checking and savings as well as credit cards.  There are a lot of safety measures in place to ensure that your funds are secure.  For example, if I purchase something online from a company that is not in the United States, I will almost immediately receive a phone call from them asking me to verify the purchase.  The one issue that is not the fault of Navy Federal is that transfers between accounts can only be made six times per month.  If there are unforeseen circumstances that require more than the allotted transfers, you have to go to the nearest branch and make the transfer in person.  I have also used their mobile app to make deposits which has made banking with them very easy.  I no longer have to visit a branch or the ATM to make a deposit.

I have held a Navy Federal nRewards card since the late 1990s, when stationed in Virginia with the U.S. Navy.  At the time I was very inexperienced in using credit, and my use of the card has grown with me, from a young sailor learning how to use credit, to the present day.  I have found Navy Federal's customer service to be consistently helpful and reliable, and have experienced no major problems since I've had the card.  I have used my Navy Federal nRewards Visa card in concert with other Navy Federal services, and have always been pleased with my experience with the company.  I would recommend both Navy Federal, and their credit card services, without any reservation whatsoever.

I've been a NFCU member since boot camp in 1997. During those times, it's been an absolutely fabulous experience. The people there are courteous and always friendly. Their over the phone customer support is there 24/7 and have an overseas line available as well. One time, while in Canada, I had a problem with my card not being accepted and I called and apparently my card was being used in Texas. They froze the card and got me a new card the next day so I could at least withdraw some money from a bank in Canada. The great thing is, they set it all up by themselves with very little interaction on my part. They always go above and beyond and if you're able to be a member, you should be a member.

I first came across navy federal credit union when I went to boot camp to join the navy. I set up a bank with them and they made it so simple to do so. The money I made from the very start went into my new account with them. They told us about everything they had to offer. They said they have very low interest rates and loans are easy to get. They trust the military and their families. They have navy federal at any base and if I go overseas they are there too. They are so convenient and out of all banks worldwide they have the most members.

I have had the Navy Federal Credit Union nRewards Visa credit card for just about four years now. After getting an actual credit line from previously having a secured credit card through Navy Federal, I am still happy with this card. I use it for everything from grocery shopping to paying my bills. The interest rate isn’t horrible (of course it could be better, but I’ll take what I can get), the actual rewards are awesome; everything from gift cards to electronics, even luggage.  Like a few others have mentioned, in applying for this card you either need to be in the Armed Forces, be a veteran, or be related to a servicemember or vet. So, if you have the opportunity, and are looking for a credit card with great perks, I would highly suggest picking up this one.

I have been a member of the Navy Federal Credit Union since early 2009, and in my 4 years of banking with them I have never had a problem that could not be solved easily and efficiently. Their customer service is consistently the best I have encountered when it comes to banks and credit unions. Also, they offer free checking (which is amazing and rare these days) and online banking. I have never been charged fees of any kind, much less a monthly fee or for a new debit card. I don't live near a Navy Federal Credit Union branch anymore, but there is an atm near me which is very convenient. I also use the online banking quite often, as I have it linked to a bank account. If available, I'd recommend this credit union over any others.

My first credit card, and one with which I've had no problems. The perk isn't ridiculously good, but 1% cash back is a solid perk for those of us who don't do a lot of online shopping. The best thing about this card is the credit union it's attached to. Navy Federal has always been prompt and helpful in my experience, helping me replace lost cards and such. Personally I've never had to dispute a charge (*fingers crossed*) but I'm confident that if I did the process wouldn't be too painful. Of course if you've got big purchase plans or just a fat wallet, there are much better cards with other companies or even within NFCU (more money more rewards), but if you're just starting out and want a dependable, widely accepted, well-supported card, I'd say this one's worth a go.

AMAZING! 8.99 APR throws all starter cards out the water, especially capitol one and bank of Americas. The rewards are general just like most rewards cards,  which rewards are always a plus. And since it has no annual fee, this is an amazing card for the person starting the path into obtaining credit. I definitely wish I had The Navy Federal Credit Union nRewards Secured Credit Card when i started, instead of capitol ones. Get this if you can!

What an outstanding card. The Navy Federal Credit Union nRewards Secured Credit Card has an outstanding APR of 8.99%. The rewards may be a little on the bad side, with the standard $1 per point but with an APR that low you'd be hard-pressed to complain about the rewards. No annual fee is also very, very good. I don't think I'd qualify for this card but if I did, it would definitely be at the top of my list of choices. My Capital One Quicksilver Card doesn't even hold a candle to this card, in my opinion, thanks to the high APR. I would recommend this card to everyone who is eligible. Now to up my credit score so I can attempt to get it!

A solid, solid card for those who can get it. The Navy Federal Credit Union nRewards Secured Credit Card is available to those with a low credit score, but unlike the Capital One Mastercard, for example, this Navy Federal card has no annual fee, making it very good for those with bad credit. And it has a rewards program! And the interest rate is 8.99% - that Capital One I mentioned has a rate of 22.9%! If you're looking for a great card and you're able to join the Navy Federal Credit Union (which is not open to everyone), this is one credit card you really shouldn't pass on.

Navy Federal Credit Union is a great alternative to a bank if you are in the military or are a dependent of someone who is. For my first checking and savings account, I think that going through Navy Federal was a great idea. Applying for and opening my account was easy, but it was just a little bit on the long side. But now that I have everything set up, and I have my debit card and my personalized checks, storing my money has never been easier than it is with this credit union. I would recommend this branch to anyone seeking to open a checking account that is easy to check the balance of and easy to transfer funds. They also have Visa debit cards, so they are accessible anywhere.

I've been a Navy Federal Credit Union Customer for almost 4 years. They have always been a very efficient and helpful branch and have always met my needs. Even when my credit card was stolen they did not hesitate on my fraud claim and returned all my money to me, and now they have ATM's that you can deposit cash straight into, without an envelope and get intimidate credit. Also they have very nice hours, staying open near me till 6pm on weekdays if very helpful since I work a full time job. They did however cancel my credit card even after my credit improved after their initial approval, which I thought was counterproductive.

I've had a Navy Federal checking account for almost 10 years and a nRewards credit card for about 8 years. I've always loved being a member with Navy Federal and I think they have the best rates for everything. I'm looking to buy a house soon and they even have a 0% down home buyers mortgage option. Navy Federal is also quick to notify me of suspicious transactions on my credit card and when there was a charge I didn't make they had a brand new credit card out to me in about 2 days. So there was virtually no down-time in my banking and they took care of everything for me. I don't plan to bank with anyone other than Navy Federal.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit union for over 12 years now. From the very beginning up to now I have always received excellent products and service. I have utilized Navy Federal for savings and checking accounts, credit cards, car loans and mortgages. They always have competitive rates if not the best around. I also like that when getting products through Navy Federal that all are accessible in one online banking area. I can see my savings and checking accounts, my credit card balance and all my other loans in a single screen. The biggest negative of utilizing Navy Federal as my bank is the lack of locations outside of military areas and for my case my closest branch is 2 hours away. Fortunately everything can be done over the phone, internet or any one of the several no fee partnership ATMs around, with the exception of withdrawing rolls of coins and depositing cash and coins. But this does not reduce their rating or review for me at all because everything else is excellent.

I've had Navy Federal for about 5 years now. They are by far the best bank I've ever done business with. I actually have checking, savings, a car loan, credit card AND an IRA with them. Their customer service is phenomenal -- I had some issues with my account when I moved recently. My mail wasn't being forwarded properly so I didn't get some important correspondence on time and they were so nice and patient in helping me get things fixed. Their rates on their IRAS and savings accounts are high compared to other similar banks, and their interest rates are low. I don't think I'll ever switch credit unions!

I have been banking with Navy Federal for over 5 years now since opening an account with my husband who has been with them for over 20 years.  I recently was out of town and needed to get checks printed to pay some vendors and the customer service was outstanding. When I needed to fax a document to another bank they did it for me which saved me so much time. Great service and whenever I call needing a question answered I always get a helpful voice on the other line.

I have been using Navy Federal for a little over a year now and have had no problems whatsoever. I have invested over ten thousand dollars into their programs and have gained a few thousand more than I would have if I didn't invest with Navy Federal. I use their calculators to track and plan future investments and they are simple to use with quick results. Navy Federal has been one of the best banks I have used in a long time. I have recommend this to all of my fellow shipmates in the Navy with me now. Thank you Navy Federal for everything.

This is such a great credit card to have.  It's Visa, so obviously it's accepted everywhere.  I've had it for about 5 years, as long as I've had my Navy Federal bank accounts.    It was super easy to apply for through NFCU's website.  I use it for just about everything and pay it off every month.  The rewards are awesome-I get gift cards at least every other month just for buying things that I need anyways!  When I do need to leave a balance on the card, the interest rates are really low compared to a lot of cards out there.  Navy Federal's customer service is also fantastic; they're always so nice if you have to call! I love that it's so easy to make a payment through online account access.

I have been using this bank since I was a little kid, my dad opened an account for me to learn how to save money.  Once I grew I could have chosen another bank but I stuck with Navy Federal. Everyone that I have talked to in the area say that their banks have done some shady things to them, with fees and other nonsense. I have not ever ran into any problems with Navy Federal and I don't plan to in the near future! If you have a Navy Fed in the area I highly suggest you bank with them, they're friendly and helpful.

I used Navy Federal Credit Union for my primary checking and savings, as well as to finance a vehicle purchase. Every transaction with them was smooth and uncomplicated. They have a simple application process, you can apply and get approved for most products online via their website without ever having to visit a branch. This is great when you travel often or are stationed at a military installation away from a branch office. This is a VERY military friendly institution, not only do they understand issues arising from deployments and service, they maintain branches around most major military establishments. I would recommend Navy Federal Credit Union to service members and their families, the quality of service and ease of use makes them an excellent credit union to work with.

Navy Federal Credit Union has been great. I have a checking, savings, credit card, and car loan with them and I have no complaints at all, only positive experiences. They have always been helpful in answering questions and made getting my car loan so simple. The credit card is great as I get rewards and have a very low interest rate and a very high limit. I especially love being able to manage all of the accounts in one spot online. You are able to pay all your bills right there online even from another banking account. Customer service is great, when I had to replace a lost card they were very helpful and the card came in the mail super quickly. I definitely recommend NFCU to anyone that has access!

NFCU has been great for me. I have had an account with them for over five years. They have a decent savings account interest rate. The workers are always nice and helpful. They make me feel like my money is safe with them. If I encounter any problems with my account, they would be quick in informing me. I only have a savings account with NFCU, so I cannot really talk about their other services. The credit unions are always welcoming. I have never gone inside a credit union expecting something terrible. I would recommend NFCU to anyone looking for an alternative to other banks.

I have a car loan with Navy Federal Credit Union and am very pleased with my decision to switch from my old bank. The customer service is really where this credit union shines. Not only are they very kind with helping me with my financial problems and figuring out bugs with my account, they also do so very quickly; which is why I prefer them over any other credit union I’ve been a part of. I have never had any serious problems with Navy Federal Credit Union that their customer service couldn’t fix for me. Their online banking system is also very user friendly. I would highly recommend this credit union to anyone who wants a secure bank.

I am an active member with NFCU and am ecstatic to know that they have gone mobile as well as have opened branches throughout the US and continue to do so. Their rates are phenomenal. I have processed my auto loan with them and am hoping to process my mortgage through them. I work at home as a contractor and my clients do not currently offer direct deposit so can deposits are a convenient way to deposit my paychecks. My only complaint is that because of my employment status I am not eligible to take advantage of some special savings and CD Offerings that requires a minimum direct deposit of $300.  I have to add a joint owner in order to do so.

Since I joined the Navy over 8 years ago, I have taken out many loans from NFCU. Most of my loans were car loans. So far I have had 6 different car loans for my wife and myself. Each time we went to get a new loan, the person we worked with was very helpful and knowledgeable and tried to ensure the process was quick. That last one is a big thing for me as I hate sitting in banks.  Each time we applied for a loan, we got a response quickly and all the paperwork was done up and signed so we could go get our new car. This process was very easy and all questions that we had were answered. We were not left wondering about anything. Some of the loans were not really simple, but all was worked out and explained well.  I can’t say for sure how the many other types of loans NFCU are as I only had one personal loan a long time ago and I can’t really remember much about it, but I imagine with the effort and customer service they put in to the car loans, all the other ones are bound to just about as smooth.

I've been a member of Navy Federal for a little over 5 years now, and my experiences have been nothing short of exceptional.  Everything from their customer service to their interest rates are great.  Even their wait times on hold on the phone aren't so bad around the 1st and the 15th, and that's saying a lot, because every single military member is getting paid that day and blowing up their phones with questions and concerns.  Still, if the employees feel frazzled, they don't show it - always respectful and helpful.  Anyway, about the credit card.  I have several credit cards from a couple different banks, and Navy Federal has been my favorite one, by far, for several different reasons.  To begin with, the interest rate is unbeatable.  The cash advance fees are relatively low, and easy to get - there are even special ATM machines at Walgreens where you can withdraw cash without dealing with an extra service charge.  Every application process I've gone through dealing with my NFCU credit card - from the initial application to applying for a credit increase - has been easy and gone smoothly.  And of course, you can't beat getting cash back when you make a purchase!

I have been a Navy Federal Credit Union customer for over two years now, and I could not be more pleased with their services. I became a Navy Federal customer after joining the Marine Corps in 2011. I travel a lot, and I have unique financial needs when it comes to paying bills and managing money as active duty military, and Navy Federal has always catered to whatever it is of which I am in need. Navy Federal's online banking is one of the best, especially when it comes to managing your loans and credit cards; it is very secure and easy to use. The customer service is always top-notch, and every branch I have ever visited has been very clean and courteous. I recommend all facets of Navy Federal.

I really didn't know how I felt about credit unions. I wasn't even the one to start my account here. My mom randomly started my account and put a few hundred bucks into it. This place is amazing. Even when the line wraps around the building the people who work there are kind and courteous to even the most disrespectful customers. They handle their business professionally and quick. Unless there is a long line the amount of time I spend at the counter has never been more than 3 minutes. They get you in and out as fast as they can handling the situation efficiently and effectively. It is a really nice credit union and I would recommend it to all.

I was able to get an account with Navy Federal through my boyfriend who was military. I had only been a member of banks until then and wasn't very willing to change. Although, I now wish I had switched to Navy Federal a long time ago. Everyone at the bank has been really nice and helpful. I once accidentally overdrew my account because my paycheck wasn't due to clear until the next day. I called customer service and they covered the funds and refunded my overdraft fee until the check cleared the next day. Great service! I will also be getting my car loan through them when the time comes.

I've been with NFCU ever since I got my first bank account, when I was 9. As a member, you don't get charged for being poor (unlike what most bank counterparts do), and they are a very reliable credit union for any user.  Any time I've been to one of their establishments for checking or monetary business, their establishment has been clean and organized, the service has been quick, and I never left unsatisfied.  The only drawback is that they’re a military-only union, so they're mostly stationed by military bases and they're only accessible to military and military dependents (but credit unions always have these kinds of restrictions.) As a college student, they're somewhat inconvenient but as a college student I rarely have more than 100 bucks in my account at one time and it's nice that they don't charge me.

Navy Federal has never done me or my family wrong. I have had my account with them since I was a young child. Their savings programs are easy to start, and easy to keep up with. You can start with as little as five dollars, or as much as you would like. In the office, the employees have always been eager to help me out, and resolve any issues I have had. They are understanding when mistakes happen, and have helped me a couple times to reduce my overdrafts. The few times they haven't been able to help in ways I expected them to (removing overdraft charges, resolving an issue with an unexpected charge to my account) they always give me the tools to help myself, and offer assistance through the whole process. I would recommend Navy Federal to anyone.

My father was a member of the military and I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union since I first opened an account. They have really been great and I feel lucky to have had such a good experience with my banking institution. Customer service is top notch, and even when as a clueless teenager I had seemingly obvious questions, the customer service reps took the time to walk me through the process of applying for a credit card. When I eventually decide to buy a home, I will most certainly use Navy Federal Credit Union for my loan. This is what banking should be!

My wife and I have been members of Navy Federal since I joined the Navy back in '03, and it has been, hands down, one of the best things we've ever done. They have been nothing short of spectacular when it comes to banking and credit cards, and their various other services have been outstanding and extremely convenient for me to use!  The fact that I have such easy access to all my accounts has made my life extremely easy, and they have been incredibly flexible and understanding with the various issues we have had over the past 10 years. They have provided every service we could have wanted/needed and then some. They have been everything we could have wanted from a bank or a credit union. I have and will continue to recommend Navy Federal to anyone I talk to.

I have nothing but good things to say about the Navy Federal credit union. You don't have to be physically in the military to obtain a membership. You do, however, need to have immediate family in the military. I fit into the immediate family category.   I was originally skeptical of a credit union directly related to the military, as the commercials seem to project the credit union as a “one stop shop.” In all actuality, my skepticism didn’t last long, as I found that truly all my needs were met, and all questions were answered. The application process was extremely easy, and the customer service representatives were very knowledgeable. The loans are at a low interest rate, with some ability to refinance if necessary. They can also be deposited on to a debit card, which was particularly useful and helpful in my situation. I felt completely welcome, the staff projected themselves as subject matter experts and the membership benefits were fantastic. There are added bonuses that you wouldn’t initially expect: the credit union provides percentages off on vendors such as Turbo Tax, obtaining your credit report, Geico and car rentals. The online and mobile banking is a plus, and the website is extremely easy to navigate. I would highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union for all your banking needs.

I've been a customer of Navy Federal Credit Union for years and only have positive experiences to share. During college, I applied for a vehicle loan from Navy Federal and while the process seemed overwhelming at first, customer service representatives were eager to help. I ended up finding a car that was more expensive than my initial loan request amount, and customer service quickly helped me reapply for a larger loan amount. The loan approval process was quick and I was able to pick up my check from a local branch within two weeks. I intend to return to Navy Federal for any future car loans because my experiences were so great.

I have had the Navy Federal Credit Union (NFCU) NRewards Secured VISA card for about 16 months now.  I have excellent credit, so I didn't need a secured credit card, but I choose to get this card as my third credit card because of no-fees,  the competitive interest rate (currently 8.99%) and the fact it earns rewards points ($1 equals 1 point.)  I funded the required saving account with $500, this is also the card's credit limit, so that when (note I said “when” and if) I have to give it to one of kids for emergency use I can be assured that they can't spend too much money.  Since NFCU is a member owned, not-for-profit institution the terms of the card are very generous.  You have 25-day grace period on purchases, the cash advance fee is only 50 cents (free at NFCU branches and ATMs), unlike other secured credit cards there are no fees or start-up costs.  They don't even charge late fees, or over-limit fees.    If you are eligible to join NFCU I highly recommend this card, even if you have good credit and don't need a secured the savings from the low interest rate and no fees make it worthwhile to have.

My husband and I have been members of Navy Federal Credit Union since 2004 when we began our military careers. In that time we have utilized many of the services that Navy Federal has to offer including personal loans. The process is simple and any questions regarding monthly payment or unforeseen problems have always been handled quickly and professionally.  On a side note, my husband and I were victims of fraud when an individual stole a large sum of money from our checking account. Navy Federal Credit Union was VERY quick and helpful in stopping the removal of money and issuing a new card. I never feared for a moment that our money was lost and I have intense trust that Navy Federal Credit Union has our best interests at heart.

I've been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for about two months. I joined because my 18-year old daughter (who is an enlisted seaman in the Navy) required a co-signer for her first new car loan.  Co-signers are requested, but not required, to become members of the credit union.    I went to the NFCU website to sign-up and was impressed with both the simplicity of the process and the fact that I received all my account numbers (savings and checking) and was able to make a ACH (Automated Clearing House) transfer to fund the account at the same time. The total time required to complete the sign-up was less than 20 minutes.  The co-signer process for my daughter's loan was just as simple and fast. I completed the online loan application and then called the toll-free number 30 minutes later and was informed the loan had been approved with me as co-signer and that the dealer would complete the loan with my daughter and send the documents for my signature.  The loan rate was very competitive; 10% down, 60 months at 1.99% APR.  My daughter has made her first payment and loves the service and attention NFCU has given her.  In my book NFCU is a world-class organization.

I have had a checking account at Navy Federal Credit Union since I was a teenager. My mother worked at the NFCU, so I naturally banked there. I recently moved to a different state and sadly there is no NFCU close by. Luckily, NFCU has an incredible online banking system that has made it possible for me to continue banking with them. Also, their customer service telephone system is fantastic. The customer service representatives are always so friendly and helpful; since I can't go into a bank ever, I have to call constantly with questions about my account. The reps never give me a hard time and are always incredibly willing to help me.

I love banking with Navy Federal Credit Union. I have a checking account there as well as their credit card. There are probably banks or credit unions with more bells and whistles to offer, but with the NFCU, you get what you want, with very few hassles and no hidden fees. I have no fees on my checking – what a breath of fresh air that is from a certain big national bank that hits your account for fees almost constantly. My Navy Federal Visa has also no annual fee, which is spectacular. Yes, you don't get the sexy rewards advertised by Vikings on television, but in practice I find that I'd rather get smaller, more practical rewards and less hassle on the fees than anything else. Since opening my account, I've had two times the need to inquire about a charge, and in both cases my situation was resolved smoothly and professionally...and in a way that told me that Navy Federal appreciated my business. Highly recommended.

Navy Federal Credit Union has been so helpful to me with certificates of deposit over the years.  Their terms have always been easy to understand, their rates are the best I can find anywhere, and they have great counseling and customer service. A few years back, their CDs had no penalty for cancellation except that you would not be entitled to additional unearned interest – a no brainer! More recently, I had to cancel a CD due to an unexpected move, and the penalty was completely fair. I still made more money in interest after the penalty than I would if I had kept it in savings the entire time.

I use Navy Federal Credit Union for checking, savings and a rewards credit card. I love that my checking is free from fees and their rewards credit card doesn't have any annual fees either (even though the rewards system isn't all that great). They have an app that lets me deposit checks from whenever I'm not near a Navy Federal Credit Union branch. The only thing that bothers me is that transactions take too long for comfort. I understand that it's a credit union and things take a bit longer, but things like deposits and transfers often take around 3 days. This is frustrating since I came from a large commercial bank which usually completed these things immediately. Other than that, everything is great. Customer service has always been nice and the branch near my house is always clean and neat.

My first experience dealing with Navy Federal Credit Union was during my employment at another federal bank. They stood out as a company who made an effort to resolve customer issues through interbank disputes in an exceptionally timely manner. It worked out really great knowing about their services, since my husband is retired from the military and we had the opportunity to bank with them without needing a sponsor. I love their customer service, and the new branch they just built near my home (within walking distance!) is pristine. However, their cashier's check stock is difficult to submit electronically (through an automated “Check-21” System), so for this service I have to go elsewhere to avoid delays on payments.

This is one of the finest credit unions I've ever been to. I banked here for a couple years before my job required me to get a bank account elsewhere, but while I was there it was fantastic. Or, as fantastic as a good bank can be. Honestly, it's not life-changing or anything but still important. But their focus is on the customer. I love that about them. I also like their patriotism. We should always strive to support our men and women in the armed forces because they protect our freedom to live the way we do. The least we could do is offer them a preferred experience for banking. But, overall, this is a fantastic bank that deserves everyone's business. I highly recommend it!

NFCU has the best credit cards, hands down. No other credit card issuer out there lets you withdraw your cashback amount with no minimum. At NFCU even if you only have a dollar in cashback on your credit card, you can transfer it to your checking account. They offer the best rates, best lines, best customer service. Why would you want to use any other credit union? You wouldn't. Navy Federal is the best around. They always have been and they always will be. There's a valid reason they're the largest Credit Union in the world. The reason is that they're the best out there. Over 4 million people are members (customers) at Navy Federal and we can't be all wrong. Navy Federal has 50 billion dollars in assets and there's a reason why. Seriously, they're the best and the numbers show they're the best.

This has been a great credit card for me. I am extremely happy with the interest rate, monthly payments and the best feature is earning reward points which can be spent on a variety of products. It is up to you if you want to save points or spend small amounts. For example, you can get gift cards for a lot of places which you can use to save money which is extremely handy. This way you can use your credit card for a lot of purchases and build up more points for free purchases (as long as you pay the amount of in reasonable time of course!). The service from Navy Federal is always excellent and I’ve been very happy.

I went to Navy Federal Credit Union with one specific purpose, to open a checking account, but when I got there, I realized that there was so much more to their Credit Union. They have many, many services and are more than willing to help you sink your toes into water, a little at a time. In no time I was able to invest in several mutual funds which have seen significant growth over the last few years. The staff most often is friendly, and their customer support telephone number works fairly well, despite a few annoyances there. I now have several accounts with them, running the full range from checking accounts, to investment portfolios, and car loans. They have done wonders for me and my family over the years.

I love Navy Federal. My father is retired Navy so I was able to set up a checking and savings account with the branch. The entire application process only took about 15 minutes, and every little detail was explained clearly. I was set up and good to go so that I could handle my personal business without delay. I also like that only a $5.00 minimum is required to be held in my savings account. Also, they allow a decent amount of transfers monthly, and they deposit checks almost immediately. I walked in with my first paycheck and was able to take my family out to dinner that evening. I love these guys, they're great.

My new husband has an account with NFCU and he loves it! So we just opened a joint account and it was easy and fast. At other banks I’ve opened accounts with I've had to wait for hours just to be seen by a financial advisor. Well anyways, Navy Federal has this promotion where you open a savings account for 5$ and you get free checking. No fees if your account is empty and if you overdraft your checking account there’s a small fee to pulled out of your savings to save you a 30$ overdraft fee. I am looking forward to banking with them for a long time!

My husband and I have been members of Navy Federal for over 6 years. Their member service is excellent, not only at the branch but over the phone. We really appreciate the convenience of their online banking site and their 24/7 toll-free number. We have even had our Visa card numbers stolen on three occasions, and Navy Federal resolved the matter for us within hours.

I've dealt with a lot of banks and credit unions that have given me or my family hard time about anything you can think of and it's hard to explain what a relief it was when I finally joined Navy Federal Credit Union about 9 months ago. My brother is currently deployed overseas and coming from a military family I found the entire staff at the branch that I take my business to friendly and helpful in every situation possible. They have competitive rates across the board, checking is made simple and applying for any other type of credit card tends to be a hassle elsewhere but they go out of their way to help you out. Try it you won't regret it.

I finally switched to Navy Federal Credit Union from a large, big name bank and am really glad I made the switch.  A lot of people had a lot of things to say to me while I was considering the switch. Such as not offering the same services, things not posting to my account in a timely manner and worst of all bad, inexperienced customer service. I didn't think anything could be worse than the big bank I had so I transfered my funds and took the plunge. I can now say that I am content with my banking.  I have a checking account, a savings account and a credit card through Navy Federal now find no limitations with any of their services. I consciously picked a larger credit union to avoid some of the negatives I had been led to believe, and I feel great now that I do. This probably has to do with the fact that I managed to pay off three credit cards before switching over. So now I feel like I have financial security once again. I largely credit my local Navy Federal Credit Union employees for this.  One say down with me and explained everything before opening my account, and then was happy to help me get a plan started for paying my debt.  Always friendly, always helpful I could probably go on and on. I definitely recommend going in and seeing if they are the right fit for you. Five gold stars all around for me. I have yet to encounter an unresolved (in a timely manner issue) and am looking forward to them being my long term financial hub.

Six months ago I joined Navy Federal because my aunt was in the military. The sign up process was easy although they did misplace some of my paperwork. But I was able to resend it. So far it has been great. I have been charged low fees for everything I want to do, so I have been able to save a lot more money. The staff is responsive to my concerns and they have always treated me with respect. They have even taken the time to explain their policies to me. I have never had problems using their ATMs. And they keep you updated on their products. I am looking into getting a line of credit with them soon. I really trust this union, and I can't say that about many places.

My dad is in the military, so I have been able to get a Navy Federal checking and savings account of my own. This is the best bank I have ever had. They don't require a monthly amount to be deposited into your checking or your savings. All they require is a $5.00 dollar deposit in your savings account. There are no monthly fees at all which I absolutely love. They have the best staff ever. They have always been able to help me with every concern or need I have. What I think is neat is that in some branch locations they have a coin counter machine where you could deposit all of your saved up change and it goes straight into your account. They don't take out a percentage of it like Coinstar does. Navy Federal is the best bank in my opinion and I will always stick with them. I highly recommend anyone that can get an account with Navy Federal to do so.

I have two credit cards with Navy Federal Credit Union and I have nothing but positive things to say about them. This credit union is very good about approving people with low requirement criteria. I have larger credit lines on my cards than any other credit card that I have. It is very easy to make payments to Navy and the customer service reps are always very friendly and helpful. I also have a checking account through Navy with a NavCheck line of credit attached to it. This is so helpful when I am running low on money in my checking account because I will never overdraft my account. If I am low on money it will just deduct it from my NavCheck and I can pay it back as soon as I get money in my account again. Overall, I love working with Navy Federal Credit Union and highly recommend all of their products. Thank you Navy!

In my life, I have dealt with a lot of Credit Unions. From my experience, I have had companies who have jacked up my interest rates, and made me feel very stressed out. Not with Navy Federal. I have finally found the perfect credit union that makes me feel like my business is appreciated, rather than making me feel like they just want my money. When you sign up, nothing is in fine print, everything is presented up front. What you see is what you get. Every customer service representative I have spoken with has been very helpful, and made me feel worthwhile. I will forever be a member of Navy Federal.

Navy Federal Credit Union is truly the best credit union I have ever had. Speaking from experience, I have been a member of three other credit unions and I have liked them all. I have never been denied a loan, I always talk to a person on the phone when I need help, and get a lot of advice when I request it. I have never had to wait in line for more that 20 minutes at any location even on paydays. I cannot say enough good things about this bank and I encourage others to join. If you are a good customer, I guarantee you will also have great service.

I joined NFCU in 1977, and enjoyed the convenience and services right from the start. The beauty, during my service years, of having an account with an organization that I didn't have to change every time I transferred was very gratifying, given that most large banks which have branches all over are crap to deal with. The larger they get, the less they seem to care about the customer. Credit unions, of course, are limited by law to a certain group of customers who must have some perceived similarity or connection, so you generally don't have a credit union with a large regional coverage. And, among the benefits of banking with a credit union, are lower fees and lower loan rates. Banking with NFCU is a great way to avail oneself of a personal loan. They have good rates, and they want to loan you money. Take advantage of their services, if you are able! NFCU staff are a pleasure to work with, and they are dedicated to you, unlike a lot of banks who are just dedicated to ripping you off, blind.

I haven't been with Navy Federal for that long but for my husband and me it's been so far so good. My husband and I have been with one of the big three banks for almost seven years and were happy enough with their service that we felt no need to change when we were relocated with the military. We figured it was one of the big three and would be anywhere we were stationed. We were wrong. We were relocated to small town in New England and the closest branch is over 50 miles away. We tried to keep our bank and just use mobile banking, but there were times where we needed a small amount of cash and couldn't get to it because we couldn't go into a branch. Since my husband is in the Navy we decided to open a small checking account with Navy Federal. We didn't need anything fancy or special since we were still keeping our old account as our main account and using Navy Federal as a secondary option for when we actually needed to go into a branch. They were very nice to us and didn't pressure us into anything. It's nice knowing that no matter where my husband and I go next, there'll be a Navy Federal there with us.

I have had Navy Federal for my entire life. It was started as a savings from my family. As an adult I took control of the accounts and my experience has always been pleasant. The bank offers great mortgage rates and is helpful when encountering problems. My wife once bought an item online and money was stolen from our account. We went down to the local branch and the situation was resolved and money restored that day. The customer service at the bank is friendly and I never had the feeling of being rushed when conducting business. I have sat with the bank managers who took their time to make me feel comfortable and secure in their bank. Overall, I will keep Navy Federal for the rest of my life and offer the same benefits to my children.

Navy Federal Credit Union is great! I've been a member for the past 7 years and I've never had a problem with service. There are ATMS and branches located just about everywhere, which makes it easier to make deposits and withdrawals. All of the staff are very helpful and informative, and make sure your needs are met. I've lost my debit card multiple times, and each time they've been able to help me get a new one and took me through all the right steps to deactivate my old one. I highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union, as they care a lot about their customers.

I have a checking and savings account through Navy Federal Credit Union. They definitely take care of their members, but I'm glad that they do. Our military deserves access to excellent resources like this. They have ATMs everywhere, online access and even mobile banking. They have customer service representatives that are very helpful. They will do just about anything to help you out and will do it quickly and efficiently (just like the Navy itself). They have been able to solve any problem that I have given them. I recommend just about any credit union, but especially Navy Federal Credit Union.

Been a member since 2009 and they have been awesome. Helping me rebuild my credit to the point of me on the verge of purchasing my first home. Def Reccommend NFCU.  Was just approved for the cash rewards and from reading all the post here, I'm excited to start earning $.

I have an account here and there is an ATM machine nearby, which is very convenient. I recommend it for two reasons: first, they have online banking and mobile banking. The user interface of online backing is easy to use. In the same time, the UI is straightforward, which means that I can find information I need instantly. And the mobile one is pretty good too. Second, their customer service is good. I called them several times and all my problems were solved. There was a phone call I made, about an hour long, and they took care of me nicely. Generally, this is a credit union that I highly recommend.

I have my checking and savings accounts with Navy Federal and am quite pleased with their rates, services and offers. They have internet banking which is pretty safe and accurate to use. They even have mobile banking services and their mobile apps are also quite simple and feature packed. Their online service also features bill pay, account transfers, check ordering, view able account history, and loan payments. Their branches are easy to access and have a lot of ATMs. Their staff is always willing to help and they respond to inquiries in a fast and professional manner. The best part is that they are quite liberal with their line of credit and offered me a decent credit line when I became a member. Moreover they are prompt in preventing credit theft and have alerted me twice on fraudulent activities taking place in my account. Over the years they have made me feel like a valued customer. I am extremely satisfied with all of my products and membership services.

Although I am no longer with them, I can still say great things about my experience with NFCU. I had basic checking and savings accounts with them for the duration of my undergraduate college experience. The student checking and savings accounts were great for a broke college student like me. No minimum balance or monthly service fee was required, whereas when I had a Bank of America account I was charged monthly “maintenance fees”. Maintenance for what? Having money sit in an account? The free Visa check card included in the plan was also key for a student like me at the time, because I would often make small trips and didn't need to stop at a bank to get cash. Five free checks were issued per statement, which isn't much, but was fine for me at the time (how many college kids are writing out tons of checks anyway?). In addition, NFCU offered $10 of ATM rebate fees per month, in addition to having many accessible charge free ATM locations. Other than the technical stuff, my experience with NFCU's customer service was always pleasant and any issues or questions I had were dealt with quickly and efficiently.

When you’re a member of the military having a checking account with NFCU is a must have. I have been to numerous countries around the world, and it seems like in every single one there is a Navy Federal ATM or branch location to serve all my needs. Free checking, ATM rebates, free checks, and amazing customer service are just a few of the things that this bank offers. I got approved with “subpar” credit at an amazing rate for my new car, and their credit cards also give me some pretty great rewards. This is my favorite bank, and I trust them completely with my money. There are no hidden fees, and this is one of the few banks left where it actually seems like they care about YOU the customer. Highly recommended!

I've been with the Navy Federal Credit Union for a few years now and they've been fantastic. I travel a lot and am in a lot of different countries, and this service has been fantastic for me. They have an extremely low charge for using/withdrawing money in different countries. Also, any time I've had a problem, instead of spending an hour going through the automated phone system to speak to a real person, I've found I always get to talk to someone very quickly when I call, which is really great because nobody wants to spend their free time on the phone with the bank. Overall I would recommend this to anyone!

Having been a customer of Navy Federal for over five years, and through several deployments to Afghanistan, I have been through the best and worst with Navy Federal. I will start with the best. After spending two of the last five years in Afghanistan, I have relied heavily on telephone and email customer service offerings. I can say without a doubt that Navy Federal is top notch when it comes to online and telephonic service. I really felt like I mattered and despite limited opportunities to contact customer service, was promptly taken care of every time. In addition, they even send employees to Afghanistan to assist soldiers of every branch. Very impressive. After nothing but pleasant experiences, I came home and needed some assistance with checking account options and decided I would simply visit the brick and mortar on my military base. To my surprise, the customer service was horrible! I don't know if it was a bad day or what but I never felt welcome, felt like I was burdening the employees, and was kept waiting for a long time with what I thought were simple requests. After this experience I decided there was no need to actually go to a store, I will stick with the phone and the internet, they worked just fine in Afghanistan, why not in the United States?

I've been with Navy Federal Credit Union for probably four or five years now and it's one of my favorite credit unions. I'd wanted to join for quite a while, but couldn't figure out a way to become eligible; I've had family in the military, but none seemed to have ever been members. Finally, I discovered my employer had a defense contract (more common than you might think, especially with large companies), so I was able to join as a defense contractor.  I recommend their secured credit cards if you need to establish or rebuild credit, but one thing you should be aware of is NFCU's secured cards don't seem to have any way of graduating to unsecured status on their own. I opened two other cards at the same time as this one, one of which automatically graduated and one didn't, but Navy told me the only way to change their card to unsecured status is to apply for a new one. Just something to keep in mind.

I have had checking/saving accounts with a handful of different institutions, both major and regional banks. I opened my Navy Federal account years ago, and used it only sparingly in favor of my other accounts. Recently, though, I use their account and card every day. There is a different sort of “feel” about a good credit union.  My first credit card was through their cash rewards program, and I still enjoy using it today. Payments are easy to keep up with through their online banking. The staff at my home Navy Federal range from warm and chipper to exceedingly professional, and have never given me cause to question my allegiance. They even have an automatic coin counting machine, which, as my family's designated change processor, is a blessing to me.

I have been a Navy Federal customer for 10 years. The rewards cards are great and the bank has usually had very competitive loan interest rates compared to other banks, especially the larger banks. The rate on their CDs and money market accounts has always been decent as well. Any time I had an issue or question about my account, it has always been addressed quickly and efficiently by Navy Federal. I believe they even waived an overdraft fee for me a couple of times when I was a young and clumsy Marine. I will likely look at Navy Federal's rates first before checking other banks in the future.

I have been a customer at Navy Federal for over 20 years. My children also have accounts here, and a child’s account is not suspended for long periods of inactivity, in the way some banks operate. Membership is extended to those with military service, and their extended families. While it is sometimes busy in the branches, they offer excellent rates and fast deposits. My auto loan has an excellent rate, as does my savings account. I once had fraudulent activity on my account, and they noticed and alerted me. They credited my account for the money removed the same day. I have never had a problem with this credit union.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for ten years and I have always been pleased with them. Recently when I spent a day both paying bills and buying Christmas presents online after depositing money from selling a vehicle, I received a call from their fraud department. Apparently my unusual spending habits pinged their radar and they froze the transactions and called me to verify that I was indeed the account holder and that I had in fact made those purchases and verified their amounts. I appreciated the fact that Navy FCU is always looking out for my best interest. I have had a situation in the past where apparently my check card had been compromised; I noticed a few charges for a travel company overseas. When I contacted Navy FCU they immediately jumped on it and I had my money back incredibly quickly. They expedited shipping on my new card that was sent to me so that I could buy groceries and wouldn't be without account access for long. Bravo Zulu Navy Federal, you have a customer for life.

I absolutely love Navy Federal Credit Union. This was my very first checking account when I was a kid and I have practically grown up using their services. The branch that is near my home is exceptional as far as customer service goes. Many of the employees know me by name. They helped me set up my first savings account and offered me advice when I opened my first business on how to save more and get my money to work for me. Partially because of this advice when I was young, I am now financially semi-independent. I utilize a couple of other banks for my business needs, but still have my original checking and savings account with Navy Federal because of the excellent customer service.

I had the Navy Federal Card for many years, and was never disappointed with it in any aspect. The service and support from the card side was fantastic, and if I ever had an issue it was always handled quickly and with complete satisfaction on my part. There weren't some of the rewards and offers with the NFCU card that some banks were offering, but then it didn't have the fees and rotten service and problems with redemptions either. If you can access membership with NFCU, you really ought to consider doing so, and applying for this card. It's a wonderful card, from a great credit union!

Navy Federal Credit Union was the first company I ever banked with and I have been thoroughly satisfied ever since. Their customer service is absolutely exceptional, which is a major reason I enjoy being a member so much. Unfortunately, I was the victim of fraud and when I called them to resolve the problem, the Navy Federal support technician was professional, friendly, and helpful. I was reimbursed every penny that was stolen from me and the process was easy and painless. I have never had to worry about hidden fees with Navy Federal which is another positive aspect. I predominantly use online banking to pay all my bills and their website is very user friendly. All in all I have no complaints. Fabulous credit union!

I have never experienced a company that I have had such pleasant dealings with as Navy Federal Credit Union. If you want a car loan, you can call customer service directly, or use their easy to navigate website. I have been approved for a car loan multiple times through my credit union, and every time has been a very pleasant experience. I've often been surprised by how much they are willing to approve for a loan, and how reasonable their interest rates are. Their 24/7 customer service call center makes getting answers to any questions about the process a breeze, and they even have a car buying program to help with getting a car, as well as providing the loan. I will be doing business with Navy Federal for life.

Navy Federal Credit Union has always been there for me since I first signed up long ago. I've been with them for about 7 years now and will never leave this branch. Their customer service is fantastic and all my previous claims made have been settled within 5 days time, and without all the frustration as they have a very friendly loving staff working under the name Navy Federal. They have a variety of programs I took advantage of, that I find very useful and save me money in the long run. Anyone eligible should really look into the Sailor Protection Program they have. All in all, it's a wonderful credit union in every aspect, friendly staff, intelligent bankers, great programs, and percent rates! Everything you could want in a bank. I highly recommend this bank.

Navy Federal Credit Union has done everything right for me with regard to regular banking. Even though I have no experience with loans through them, my personal experience with my checking and savings accounts has been great. In addition, a few of my comrades have car loans and credit cards with Navy Federal Credit Union and I've heard great things from them as well.  Every time I go into a branch, I'm greeted warmly and my issue is handled in a timely manner. I can't complain with regard to service and problem solving skills from my local branches. Even thought I did not know of an overdraft penalty, it was explained clearly and taken care of promptly – which made me happy.

When I moved to Virginia, I was introduced to Navy Federal Credit Union. I had never heard of this credit union before. I will say this place has its goods and bad. One good thing is that it offers programs for students. Students can easily get an account here. Also, they offer some great programs to help students save money. The location I go to is very busy. On a Friday, the wait can be 30 minutes. It is crazy. I wish they had some more staff working. Also, I wish the staff they had working would at least act like they enjoy their jobs. What happened to bank tellers giving kids candy and being friendly? I don't know but the Hampton, VA location could afford some more charming practice. I have never had a problem with their banking system. They have ATMs and they work just great. I am also a student so I have never had to work with any crazy amounts of money. Oh, this bank is used by a lot of military people. Yet, I can say they treat everyone equally. I like Navy due to their student programs. I am sure I will continue banking with them as long as they are in my area. They have some friendliness issues but they are overall better than past banks.

I have been with Navy Federal for over five years now. They have to be the best financial institution out there. When I had lost my job they told me about a program they had to help me with my mortgage payments. Not worrying about my house payment for those couple of months was a huge relief and allowed me to get back on my feet seamlessly. I cannot say enough about how helpful the people at NFCU are. Whenever I have any questions of problems I call and there is never a long wait to talk to live person. You just get the feeling that the people there actually care about their members. It’s a good feeling dealing with people that care.

I have been a member of Navy Fed since I joined the Navy in 2002.  They have always provided excellent service and great products.  About three weeks ago I received a phone call from Navy Federal to ask me about a $600 charge that was attempted with my wife's card at Victoria's Secret.  They saw that it was out of my spending pattern to spend that much especially at that store.  They immediately mailed out a new card for myself and my wife and began an investigation into the incident.  I have always been happy with Navy Federal and I will continue to pass the word on to friends, family and anyone I meet that is looking for a new bank.

This is one of my favorite credit unions on the east coast. The customer service is wonderful. Anytime I need assistance with any type of issue, the workers always help me through step-by-step with any issue. The only down side to the credit union is that it requires family in the military, but the service is beyond worth it. I once was making a deposit and my teller had accidentally deposited an incorrect amount of money without me realizing. She immediately called me back over as I was leaving, placed the proper amount of money in my account, and even added a small compensation for the mistake she had made. I have never heard of more sincere customer service from any other rival credit union. I highly recommend this credit union.

While I was enlisted in the US NAVY I made a wise decision by joining NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION. They were a great institution from the get go. They provided me with many products and services that other banks were not willing to offer. One of the services that I took advantage of was the ability to get an auto loan through them. I was in the market to purchase a new AUDI and I had heard that Navy Fed was a great place to get a loan. I went in to the branch on my base and as soon as I sat down and started the conversation, I knew that I would be able to get the help I was looking for. The loan was great for me as the APR was the lowest out of any other institution I had considered. They also provided me with a lot of auto buying tips so that I can get the best deal for my bucks. The experience I had dealing with the people in customer service was amazing. They were always attentive to my needs and took care of them. I’m looking forward to doing business again with them in this capacity and then some. It’s a great company to use and if you have the ability to do so, I suggest you get right on it.

I have had an account with Navy Federal since I was 15 years old. My entire family uses NFCU as well. They have always been easy to use and hassle-free and the customer service is on point. We have used it for all of our loans. Whether it's a car loan or student loan, we have always gone through NFCU for those needs. I would recommend this credit union to everyone. I just wish I had a branch closer to me. The closest branch is 4 hrs away. If I ever have to mail in a deposit it takes a week to get the money into my account. I could easily open a local account but I really don't want to because I love NFCU so much.

Navy Federal Credit Union has been very easy to work with over the years, which impresses me given I do so many exchanges over a distance. I do them online now but prior to the days of the internet that makes everything easier I did them over the phone and by snail mail as well. I've used them primarily for the savings products, like CDs, which have always offered at rates that are at least competitive, if not better than average. Redeeming a CD, even in the pre-internet days, has always been simple, hassle-free, and quick to accomplish. Their customer service representatives have always been knowledgeable and helpful, and even though they don’t see me in person often, I’ve always been treated like I’m an important customer.

Navy Federal Credit Union has been great to work with! They handled all of my banking while I was deployed to the Middle East, and I didn't have a single problem. I'm incredibly grateful for their awesome service because while deployed, I didn't have access to a phone or internet very often, so I couldn't have straightened out any problems that arose. When I went in there before I left to let them know what was going on, they made sure my account was set documented that I would be out of the states so my debit card wouldn't be shut off when used in other countries. I had absolutely no problems with them and will continue to use them for all my banking.

Probably one of the best banks I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with. I've had an account there for almost 3 years and haven't ever had to complain about anything. Applied for a car loan and got approved within 24 hours. The drive through is always very quick, and the tellers are always courteous and extremely professional. Out of all the times that I’ve been inside an actual branch location, I’ve only had to wait maybe twice, and it was only for 5 or 10 minutes. If more banks were like this, people would be a lot happier. I wish they were open a bit longer on Saturdays, but other than that, they’re absolutely wonderful.

I started with Navy Federal in 1977 and have always been impressed with their customer service. From the days before computerized internet banking until today, NFCU has never disappointed me. The staff at the branches has been wonderful, as has the staff on the phones. Whether it's checking, savings, or loans, NFCU has always been the institution I've never had a problem with. I've had multiple accounts of different types with other credit unions and several banks, and there's no doubt for me that you can't go wrong with NFCU. They may not have branches everywhere, but I'd rather have great service from a sometimes remote institution than horrid service from a bank next door.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for over 13 years. I have a checking and savings accounts, an IRA, bought cars, bought a home, you name it I've done it through this bank. My children even have accounts here to help them save. The service over the phone or in person at a branch location is friendly, and all agents work hard to help you out in any given situation. They protected me from credit card fraud. The bank is open to all federal, DOD, military employees and their families. If you are eligible you should join. It is worth it because this Credit union is great.

This credit union is the best, most convenient credit union to work with - if you have family ties with the military. I used them until I moved out of Virginia, and I cannot think of a more reliable bank. It's a shame there are not many branches in North Carolina. The customer service is outstanding! Every time I have been there, I have never encountered an issue with the employees. There was one time I forgot my wallet at home when I needed an ID, and they allowed me to go home, get the wallet, and come back and resume where we left off.

I love this bank. The people are so friendly, even on the phone. They really provide great customer service, and in this day and age, good customer service is hard to come by. I have personal and business accounts through Navy Federal Credit Union. They really helped me to set up accounts for both checking and saving accounts to ensure my finances were separated, which was a huge help. They really helped me organize my money, and help me set up a saving account just for my business taxes. They really went the extra mile, and were very understanding and accommodating to my financial needs and wants.

I absolutely love Navy Federal. It is truly one of the best credit unions I have ever dealt with and it blows all banks away. The downside of Navy Federal is that it is only open to military members and their family, so not everyone can use it. One of the best features of this credit union is that I always get my direct deposit about a day early and also had a car loan through them that allowed me to make reasonable monthly payments at a reasonable interest rate. Other banks do not treat their patrons this way. Another great thing about Navy Federal is that the customer service at Navy Federal is outstanding. I have been to the branches in New York, New Mexico and Florida and the people that work at each branch are fantastic. The best customer service I have encountered has been at Navy Federal. I would recommend any service man or woman to join this wonderful credit union.

Overall, Navy Federal Credit Union has been a pretty good credit union. The customer service is always good, although not as good as the credit union I came from before. Whenever I go in there, they are polite and friendly, but I don't feel the personal connection like I did with my other credit union. I've had a few minor problems there with my account being charged twice for some things, but as soon as I let them know, they took care of it without any problems. I really don't have any complains about them. They even usually deposit my husband's direct deposit check a day early, which can be very helpful!

About two years ago my car died.  I was in desperate need of a new vehicle, but could not get credit because I already had a home loan and a car loan(my wifes car) on my credit report.  When I was about to give up I sent an application in to Navy Federal.  They were able to approve me with a good interest rate.  Not only that, they got the info to the dealer quickly and I was driving my new Truck home in no time.  It was a hassle free process with customer service that was there for me every step ot the way.  I will do as much banking with them as possible in the future because they are an institution that takes care of their customers the right way.  Thanks for the wonderful service!

I have been a member at Navy Federal Credit Union for almost ten years now. When I needed to get a new car after an accident they were the first place I turned for my car loan. They were very helpful and extremely nice. They really took the time to explain to me how the loan worked and what my obligations where. It also didn’t hurt that they gave me a fantastic interest rate. Anytime I had a question I could call my banker and they were always ready and waiting to help me figure out what the answers where. I love Navy Federal Credit Union.

Overall Navy Federal is an amazing credit union. Whether it comes to money transfers or if you have any questions they will do anything to help you out. They go out of their way to ensure you know your money is being moved securely and that your questions will get answered. Over the phone the representatives are super friendly and make the transfer experience super easy. The application process is also super easy and doesn't take long at all. The only drawback is the lack of ATMS. It is annoying being charged to take cash out and getting charged because there are no ATMS for miles. This can be solved by using cash back at places like WalMart.

Navy Federal has excellent customer service. Recently, I had a problem with an online purchase that would not go through due to a glitch on the site and the rep credited my account so I didn't have to wait for the false transaction to fall off. Anytime I have questions they are always there to help. By far the best bank that I have used. They have free checking, bill pay, and lots of no fee ATMs. Deposits seem to clear faster with this bank and my money is ready when I need it. No fees and no hassle, it’s the best way to manage my money!

Overall this credit union was amazing. I opened a checking and savings account for the first time here things started out smoothly but some minor bumps occurred. First, I did my application over the phone (would not recommend by the way) and my paper work was sent to the wrong department. This had my Social Security Number on it, so it was a major yikes! However, my paper work was found and sent over to the correct department (membership). After I was accepted as a member, I only needed five dollars to open a savings account and nothing to open a checking account, which was pretty cool. What really impressed me the most about this credit union is their customer service; there is always someone there to talk to you. I highly recommend Navy Federal for all your checking and saving needs.

I have found Navy Federal Credit Union to be very useful for my banking needs. To begin with, there are several branches throughout the Northern Virginia area, including locations very close to both my residence and place of business. This makes doing in-person transactions convenient and simple. And, if I have a reason not to do in-person banking, they have a multitude of online transactions which typically can take care of most of my needs. They have a professional staff, and I have always had good experiences with them. Additionally, as they are a credit union, their rates are more competitive than what one would encounter at a regular commercial bank. I would recommend Navy Federal for anyone who qualifies as a member.

I have been a Navy Federal Credit Union customer for over 11 years now, and I love them. They always have great rates on their products, and their customer service is excellent. I have never had any problems with any of their products, including my checking account, savings account, two credit cards, and two auto loans. Additionally, when my wife’s debit and credit cards were stolen a few years back, Navy Federal quickly took care all of the illegal charges off of our account, no questions asked. Navy Federal also has locations near almost every major Navy installation, for those who are in the service. A top pick!

I love having my checking account with Navy Federal Credit Union. I switched banks after several horrible customer service experiences at a leading big bank, and I could not be happier. With no checking fees I am saving a lot of money yearly that I was previously spending just to have my account open. They set me up with direct deposit and I even got a box of free checks when I joined. They have plenty of ATMs locally with no usage fee. Also, I just recently bought a new car and I financed it with the credit union. After searching around they had the lowest interest rates by far. I will be a lifetime member.

Well, overall I would say that navy federal credit union has given me satisfactory customer service. From the 10-12 times that I have had to call in to resolve a problem the employees seem to always be in a happy and helping mood. Another thing that impresses me about navy federal credit union is that they now have a debit option that I can use to make payments with. This enables me to have faster purchases if I happen to be in a hurry. The sign up process was fast and easy for me to complete. So over all I give NFCU a 4 out of 5 stars.

Do you need a Credit Union that understands and listens to its customers? Choose Navy Federal. I joined Navy Federal through with my husband who is in the service and it is by far the best credit union I ever joined. I have been a member of a few other credit unions and banks, since we move around. You need no minimum balance in their Checking account and there are no monthly fees. I love a bank or credit union that doesn't charge me for having my money in their hands. We had one problem with a transaction that went through twice and I called a customer service representative and I had an answer in minutes. They were very apologetic and the issue was fixed almost immediately. They don't beat around the bush or try to make up answers, they explain things so that you understand their answers. I have recommended this credit union to a few other service members and their wives and they keep thanking me. I told them not to thank me to thank Navy Federal! I cannot be more pleased with my experience. I plan to keep this as my main checking account for as long as they are around. If you want a credit union that is there for their service members and family, I wouldn't hesitate to sign up for Navy Federal. Thank you Navy Federal for offering the best services I have seen for a credit union.

This is the first credit card I've ever had, and I don't really have a great track record with saving money. However, this card and its plan really helped me. With cash back on every purchase, it's a lot harder for me to blow through my money like I have in the past. I especially love the fact that Navy Federal doesn't impose and fees for monthly and yearly usage. If you're looking for a good credit card and a bank that cares about you, go with Navy Federal. They know how to let you make the most out of your purchases, and at the end of the day, keep more of the money you've earned.

All in all, my experience as a Navy Federal Credit Union customer has been fantastic. I can't even explain how easy it was to be a customer. Navy Federal Credit Union is very user-friendly because their customer service is top-notch and the ease of use is very convenient as well. Since almost everything can be done online, I rarely ever have to walk into the credit union. They seem to be booming in my community because many more locations are being established which makes the credit union very accessible. I rate my experience at Navy Federal Credit Union excellent for the lack of having anything bad to say about them.

I have banked with Navy Federal Credit Union since I joined the Marine Corps in 2004, and every branch that I've ever used is great. If I ever have a problem the bank associates go above and beyond to help me figure out a solution to my problem. I dislike the applications that you can get online because you cannot fill them in online. You have to print them and then handwrite them. It would be much easier to just fill them out on the computer, but it's not a huge deal. I would highly recommend using Navy Federal Credit Union to anyone that is eligible.

I had joined this credit union when I had joined the military a while back. They do an excellent job in general overall. I had arrived at them when I compared them with the other services I had available at the time, in which they showed up as having the best rates and services for my needs. If you need access and are overseas also they are the people to go to as they have access all over.   They would take my calls in a timely manner and were very friendly. They also had no issue trying to explain stuff to me if I asked to have it clarified. Overall it was a very good experience and plan to stay with them for quite a while.

Navy Federal has been my credit union for nearly two years. Thankfully I have a family member who served and banks there, enabling me to have an account with them. Service is top-notch with Navy Federal. I am not charged with ATM withdrawal fees, no minimum balance requirements, online banking, and the list goes on and on. Another aspect of the credit union which I love is the ability to call and get pre-approval for an automobile loan, then go by the bank and pick up a blank check (within the limit set by the loan terms) and go purchase a car. This has helped me get a better deal on automobile purchases because I go in saying I have financing available. The only negative for me is my proximity to a branch. I live approximately 40 miles from my nearest branch, but with direct-deposit and online banking this rarely becomes an issue.

Nearly every single time I've visited my local Navy Federal branch, I've been happy with the level of customer service that I've received. From the receptionist greeting me when I walk in the door, to the tellers going above and beyond to make sure I have everything that I need, I could not be more happy. My only gripe with NFCU is that the lines are usually long and there always seems to be one or two teller windows that stay closed.

We have been a customer of the Navy Federal Credit Union for about a year now and in that time, the customer service received has been excellent. I love our Visa Credit Card given to us by the credit union, which enables us to take advantage of a number of cash rewards and discounts. Anytime, I have an issue with my credit card or questions relating to my savings account, the customer reps I speak with are always ready to assist and make sure they provide a solution to the problem. My husband and I hope to continue to be customers of theirs for years to come.

I joined Navy Federal Credit Union in 2010 and it was one of the best financial decisions I have ever made. I initially started out using Navy Fed as a bank only for my checking and savings account. Earlier this year I decided to purchase a new vehicle. I shopped around for rates, not even considering Navy Fed as a possible lender. While at the dealership they quoted me a price I did not like, so I was ready to walk away. The salesman asked if I was a member of Navy Federal. Long story short, I contacted them from the dealership and they not only approved me for more than I needed, but also approved at an interest rate almost 8 percent lower than the dealership. The payments are debited right from my account, so I don't have to worry about remembering to send them in. I have had nothing but good experiences with this credit union, and will continue to use them in the near future for all of my banking and financial needs.

I recently realized that my online savings account wasn't getting as much interest as an account at a local credit union, so I went hunting around and found this amazing credit union! My grandmother and grandfather were both in the Navy, so I was able to open a savings account, thankfully. I pulled all my savings into this credit union and I'm really happy and secure. I've only had my money in there for a few weeks, but I love all the options that I have with my money, and the great return that I'll see from it via CDs or just the typical savings account. Everyone is really nice and friendly and it's so wonderful to not worry about fees or processing days like I had to with my online savings account. Now I can just drive to my money instead of it all being online!

I was not at all happy with Navy Federal Credit Union. I've since switched banks, but they have sneaky, underhanded practices, and customer service (when they're actually available) is rude, and generally you're transferred to a different department once or twice before you actually speak with someone who will attempt to help you.  In the beginning, I had this account because my father was a military officer (in the Navy), and he set up a payment plan for me and my sisters. A small amount was deposited into a share account each month. I decided when I was 18 to get my first car loan through them. That actually wasn't bad. I always made my payments on time, and had no problem. About 10 years later when I got married, I applied for a credit card with them, and also linked my husband to the account. He received his own credit card. My husband was not the best when it came to money management, and he quickly maxed out his card, while I continued to make payments on mine.  Since then, we've gotten divorced, and wouldn't you know it. Every penny that my father had deposited into my share account is gone. It was transferred to pay off some of the balance of my husband's credit card. There was no phone call, no letter, email, e-doc... no warning whatsoever.  My family has dealt with Navy Federal, too. This includes both of my sisters, both parents, and my brother in law. We have ALL left that bank. We all had different reasons, but we're all switched over to other credit unions now.  I do NOT recommend this bank.

I've had a savings account with Navy Federal since I was very young. I opened up a checking account about a year and a half ago, and have been incredibly satisfied with choosing Navy Federal Credit Union. I've never had a problem with my account balance, and transactions that I've needed to get by on, have always speedily come in either the same day or the next day. Trust me, no one cares about customer service more than Navy Federal, and if that is a big factor when deciding who's going to handle your money like it is for me, then make the right decision and go with them. It's easily the best option out there.

I've been a member of NFCU for nineteen years and I have never had a problem with them. It actually really surprised me when I learned that a lot of banks charge for having a checking account, or charge if you're below a minimum balance, since Navy Federal never does any of that. I now live several hours from the nearest branch office or ATM but it doesn't really matter since I can take care of whatever I need to online, even check depositing, which is a lifesaver. I love knowing that I can move without having to worry about changing banks. The online site is really easy to navigate and I use it all the time. The only time I had a major problem - fraudulent charges in a state across the country from me - I called Navy Federal and everything was cleared up in no time at all. I also have to admit that as a Navy brat who didn't join the military, this little connection to my childhood is very welcome. :)

I have been a loyal member of NFCU for 6 years and couldn't imagine ever leaving. I have a checking account, credit card, and did my auto loan through them. I have been extremely satisfied with all three.  Customer service is great; the representatives are always extremely professional and easy to understand.  Service is always very prompt, and every question I have had about my account, policies, and etc. has been answered.  Unlike other non-union banks I have banked with, I've never had an issue with Navy Federal.  They're always willing to work with you, and they truly seem to go out of their way to make and keep us customers happy.

I've had a savings account with Navy Fed for a long time now. I haven't used them as my primary bank, and it's because their online presence isn't as great as I would expect from a big credit union like NFCU. As for in-person banking, it's sometimes difficult to find a branch office in your area if you don't live near a military base, in other words when you're retired or if you're a child of an armed forces member. When I was 19, I applied for an auto loan with NFCU. They wanted a co-signer and my interest rate would have been very high. I was a little disappointed at that, but it's good to see that NFCU is practicing responsible banking.

This review is purely based on customer service, NOT about services offered.  A couple of months ago, I went to a Navy Federal branch in southern California to deposit money into my sister's account. I was greeted twice when I came inside, and had to wait a bit before being helped. They said their computers were slow and having some glitches. When the teller asked me who I was, I  replied honestly and said I was the checking account holder's sister. She asked if I would like to open an account, available only to military personnel or their families. I said "No, thank you." and finished my transaction. The process took about twenty minutes to complete, due to their "glitchy and slow" computers -  ultimately making my deposit a bit late & was not able to make the cut-off time for it to be available that day.  On my way back to my car, I decided that I would actually like to have a credit union, and I turned around to go back inside and sign up. The people in the front of the credit union asked what I needed, I told them, and they set me up with a person at a desk.  This lady was ridiculous. She was trying to rush things so she could "Go home finally" (apparently she was about to leave, but I decided to walk back in). In her rushing things, she misspelled my name, my social security number, and gave me the wrong checking account. She led me to a computer to finalize my account, and I couldn't do anything because the social was wrong and so was the name. I told her, she said "Are you sure you didn't type in your social wrong? Oops. Maybe it was the slow computer." She said she fixed everything, I believed her, finished setting up my account, and went home. It was tiring...  Needless to say, a few weeks later when I received my card in the mail, the name on it was wrong. I tried to log onto the website, but my social was wrong.  She didn't fix it after all.

I have had many negative experiences with other banks such as Wells Fargo, San Diego County Credit Union, and North Island Credit Union. When I walk into those other banks, the lines are always long. Even if they are apologetic, it is still a serious waste of my valuable time. It seems the bankers work slower than they should. Also, I have found that when I call in after hours to the 24-hour service line, I have long hold times and generally, the person on the other end of the line is quite rude, and not at all helpful. I am generally a loyal customer. I stayed with Wells Fargo for 5 years now (and I am very young, so for me, that’s HUGE) and they still can’t seem to get the customer service down. It’s definitely not a good thing. However, a few weeks ago, my roommate suggested I switch to Navy Federal Credit Union. I was extremely hesitant because I feel like once you deal with one bank, you’ve dealt with all of them. I kept an open mind while I made the call to get a quote on a car loan. I was first surprised at how amazingly fast I was able to get on the phone with a real person. Not only that, the young lady who was helping me on the phone was very polite and sounded extremely knowledgeable about the field she was in and seemed to legitimately want to help me get a better rate than I am currently receiving. As a condition of the application, I had to get an account with Navy Federal Credit Union, which isn’t strange to me because other banks generally require the same no matter what bank you go to. I had no money in any of my bank accounts at the time, so I figured that was going to be a huge problem with the bank, and that they weren’t going to be able to help me set up my bank account. However, the lady on the phone just told me to go to any local branch and get the account funded just as soon as I was able to. I was shocked! A different credit union didn’t even want to help me if I was unable to put an insane amount of money down in the account right then and there. North Island Credit Union wanted me to put at least $100 in the account. Navy Federal only required for me to put down $5.00 to fund my savings account. Apparently, if I close the account, I do get the $5.00 back, which is also rare. One thing I love about Navy Federal Credit Union that I’m unable to say the same for in regards to other banks, is that there are many convenient branch locations in close distance to not only my home, but right down the block from my work. When I finally got the $5.00 to put in my savings account, I went for a visit over to a branch in San Diego. I was amazed when I walked into the doors. The branch is VERY nice. There were also no waiting times. When I walked in the branch, a very nice young lady asked how she could help me. Since my account was still so new, and I had not yet received my bank account in the mail, I was unable to provide much information for the teller. However, she made it seem like no problem, AT ALL, and was happy to assist me to make the depositing process easy on me. She had a smile on her face at all times, and seemed to be genuinely pleased to be doing business with me. Before I left, she offered some suggestions about helping me rebuild my credit since I had mentioned that I had a lot of debt and extremely high interest rates. She suggested I apply online for one of the many Navy Federal Credit Union Credit Cards. I was a little hesitant, again, to apply for another credit card. When I got back to work, I went ahead and applied online. The screen, after I was finished, showed that I would receive a decision in 3-5 business days. I figured, like most credit card results like this, that I was declined for the card, as usual. However, the next business day, I received a text message notification that I was approved! I was absolutely shocked, again. I am now on the right track to repairing my credit thanks to the low interest rates of this great card. The card offers cash back rewards on hundreds on purchases, and has a pretty low rate. Overall, I have been extremely pleased with Navy Federal Credit Union. You have to live with or be married to someone in the military. I am living with someone in the military. I truly LOVE Navy Fed and all the great benefits my checking/savings account offers!

My experience with this card has been nothing short of great.  I've had it for quite a few years, and love everything you get.  From my competitive interest rate, to the cash rewards I earn, I couldn't ask for much more.  There is no annual fee, and you can earn cash back with EVERY SINGLE PURCHASE, unlike some cards where the purchases have to be made at certain retailers.  NFCU is my main bank, so it's easy to monitor my purchases and payments online using their new app.  My credit limit has been increased to over double what it was when I first got the card by simply making payments on time and not going over my credit limit.  I highly recommend this card to everyone.

I absolutely LOVE Navy Federal Credit Union. I've been a member with them for 6 months now, and they are so great. I've always had a good experience with their auto loans, credit cards and checking account. Anytime I have any issues I can call them 24/7 and someone is always available and extremely happy to help me. The people they have handling their customer service are always pleasant and eager to handle any issues I have. The people at the actual locations are the same. The loan rates are competitive, and they really know how to take care of active duty military. I do not know how anyone in the military could bank with anyone else. They are my absolute favorite.

We have been members of Navy Federal Credit Union for about 15 years now and love the services that they provided. Their rates on loans are very competitive include both auto loans and home mortgages. They have a very reasonable turn around time on loan decisions and have always been very good with their customer service. We'ÂÂve made sure to open up accounts for our kids so that when they are older they'ÂÂll be able to keep their membership. They haven'ÂÂt been the best yet at electronic statements online, as we are big into saving paper. It has taken a couple of different requests to get this setup but they do their best to follow up and make sure that everything is taken care of properly. I highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union for home mortgages and will continue to use them in the future.

I began using Navy Federal Credit Union back in 2005 and have nothing but good experiences with them. Navy Federal has always helped me with any financial questions that I've had and they always made it seem easy.   When I took out a loan for my car, but lost a slight amount of income, they helped me re-finance my car which made my payments more affordable. They've also helped me with personal loans whenever I was in a pinch and they always give reasonable interest rates.   They also have stellar financial assistance, if requested. The tellers were extremely knowledgeable and helped me formulate a budget, which worked out terrifically. I actually had a friend of mine leave his bank and enroll with Navy Federal Credit Union after I told him how awesome they were. He's still with them to this day.  All in all, Navy Federal Credit Union is the credit union most U.S. Navy personnel use do to its flexibility to a sailor's schedule, its low rates, and outstanding customer service. I'd recommend that anyone who has a chance to become a member of Navy Federal Credit Union do so as soon as possible. You won't regret it.

My Dad was a member of the United States Army so I qualified for a loan at Navy Federal Credit Union. I was searching out a loan so that I could buy my girlfriend (at the time obviously) a engagement ring. At that time there rates were the best that I could find. They were very very easy to work with and everything went through perfectly. They did not charge extra fees for me when I paid the loan off early and I did not spend that much more on the interest basically making a payment plan of my own for the ring. I would go back to them for personal loans and I am thinking about opening up a checking account with them.

I have been a customer with Navy Federal for 3 years, and in that time they have improved slightly. For years, their "debit" cards did not actually function as debit, meaning you could not swipe your card and use your pin at the grocery store. You could run them as credit only. It's incredibly embarrassing when you forget this and try to use your pin only to have your card declined because it doesn't work that way, and as I'm sure you can imagine, trying to explain that your DEBIT card doesn't work like a debit card to the cashier only earns you a look of disdain. One cashier took my card and pointed at the word "debit" printed on the front and said, "DEH-BIT";... that was not a good experience. I don't like being made to look like a liar because this bank can't get with the program. They (navy federal) recently added the "debit" feature to their DEBIT cards and sent out several messages to each of their customers telling the "good news" - that they'd finally caught up with every other bank with more than 1,000 customers.   Another thing to note is that, if you travel, and even if you *alert* the bank that you will be traveling and purchasing gas, they will shut down your cards. My husband and I visit our family as much as we can, and EVERY time, without fail, our cards have been shut down when we try to get gas 4 hours into our road trip- even when we have been assured that it will not happen. I have resorted to carrying cash, because I don't know when Navy Federal's shenanigans are going to leave me without the use of my accounts, stranded in the middle of nowhere with no gas and potentially no cell service to get a hold of anyone.

We have banked with NFCU for just over three years now and always have good things to say about them. My husband is a (now-retired) Marine and I feel like it has been a privilege to bank with NFCU. We will be life-long members. Their auto loan rates alone are at least 20% cheaper than anywhere else I can find on-line or at a brick and mortar bank. Their service is always excellent, too. In fact, two weeks ago, I made one ten-minute phone call (from Ohio, where there are no branches) and received a check in the mail for a new car two days later (for a mere $3 Fed Ex charge). They were able to deliver it to me directly at work, too, with no hassle, so that we could save time and go directly to the dealership and make our purchase (and of course, we are getting a wonderful interest rate because it is Navy Fed!). Their checking is totally free and they have a wide variety of services available to members. They've done an awesome job for us anytime that there has been any kind of question about anything on the account, even with my husband being here, there, and everywhere. We truly appreciate the opportunity to bank with Navy Fed and will be lifelong customers.

I have had this account with Navy Federal Credit Union for about a year now. I was impressed with how friendly the staff was there. I needed some help getting a loan to buy a house. I went in and talked with them and they sat down and explained everything to me. They helped me fill out the application and within a week I was approved. I got a better interest rate than I would have even if I went with my mortgage broker. I am happy that I talked with them before I decided to get the loan. The customer service is excellent.

This is by far my favorite credit card. Getting membership into Navy Federal Credit Union might not be possible for everyone, but if you do, then this will be your go to card. The interest rates are more fair than any other card I have and that is important since my credit isn't that great. The credit limit was 3 times my next closest card. The rewards and no annual fee make it a no brainer for a rewards card. It is VERY easy to make payments on my account. I linked it to my bank account and just transfer the money as needed every month. Their online services are typical for a credit card and nothing special. The best part of the card is no balance transfer fees and you can set a transfer up easily. I transferred the balances of 3 of my cards when I opened the account and have since added 2 more. No fees and was done in a few minutes. The other account showed the payment in about 3-5 days. I have only redeemed the point once, but it seemed very easy and hassle-free, unlike another rewards card I've had in the past.

I've been with Navy Federal for almost two years now and I will never go back to my old banking ways.  Their customer service is and always has been impeccable at every branch I've been to.  Having been a military spouse for so long, it's definitely a must to have that excellent service especially when relocating, to make things that much easier on you.  When I opened my account, every little detail was explained to me thoroughly so I was left with no questions.  It was so simple to open an account that it put my old bank to shame.  The rates for savings accounts are seriously the best around and the APR on credit cards is the lowest I've seen in years.  Navy Federal Credit Union really does offer everything a person could possibly want in a financial institution.  I will definitely never be going back to my old ways after banking with this credit union, they are absolutely phenomenal and the best around!

I am pleased to say that I am a member of this institution. It might have been the best move I made when I joined the Navy. They were very important in helping me secure my VA loan in order to purchase my first home. They were there with me and for me step by step as I was going through the process. I have other friends who have gotten the VA loan as well, but have had the help of other institutions and the process has been a living hell. That's something I  was glad to avoid by using Navy Fed. I have had several banks in the past and nothing compares to them. If you don't have them and have a chance to get on with them, I suggest you do so. Listen to a shipmate!

I love how easy it is to get car or personal loans from Navy Federal. My husband and I have applied for and received at least 5 personal loans and 4 vehicle loans over the last 9-10 years.  I even had my mom start business with NFCU when she needed a car loan.  The customer service is always fast and friendly. They are excellent at resolving questionable charges on credit cards. We even had zero trouble in the case of someone getting our information at an ATM and stealing money from our account. We've brought in several members of our family because we stand behind products we trust and NFCU is one of them.

I have had Navy Federal Credit Card for over eight years now and have had absolutely no problem with them. They were also the first to inform me that someone was trying to use my identity to get electronics in Puerto Rico. They then stayed on the phone with me and helped me contact all the credit agencies so I could put a flag on my credit to ensure they would have to call me if someone was trying to open any line of credit. Worst part was I was expected to travel the next day, and the help desk made sure I had a card the next day before I left. They have excellent service and I would recommend them to anyone.

I have had this card for around 4 years now and have been very pleased with my experience.  NFCU is my primary bank so in college I got this card to start building credit.  I have had a wonderful experience with them.  Their credit fraud system is very good and I have received several calls from the prevent system to determine if particular payments were mine.  In the instance that there was a fraud the people at NFCU worked with me and I was able to clear up the fraud without any charge to me and got a new card within a few days.     The card has no monthly or yearly fees and a pretty good rewards policy.  I am thoroughly pleased with the card and would recommend it to anyone who is qualified for it.

I have had this card for 3 years. The interest rate is very reasonable. I enjoy being able to go to any Navy Federal Credit Union branch to conduct business. They have locations all over the United States. Their customer service representatives are always knowledgeable and friendly. I highly recommend this card to anyone who needs a credit card. The credit limit is comparable to other credit cards I have. I am able to login to my account on their website and look at available credit, past transactions, pending transactions, and make payments. Their billing statements are available online for a year, free of charge.

This was the first credit card I had. It was an easy process too. My grandpa is a retired Marine and I was able to open it up based on that. It was fun to get different Rewards like $50 dollar preloaded Visa cards, etc. The credit limit they gave me wasn't too high ($2,500). I had some credit history from student loans and some work history through my work study job. The interest rate wasn't as low as my Bank of America card, but if you pay things off quickly you can actually make some money from it because of the rewards.

I have had this card for five years or so.  It's wonderful.  NFCU was my main bank when I was in the military, and I have literally no complaints at all with them.  Here are the perks on my NFCU card:  Great customer service, easy-to-use web services (i.e. pay your credit card bill online), historical backdated statements easily available, and my favorite thing about this card:  no-hassle CASH rewards.  This reward program is flawless.  You can deposit your cash reward instantly against your current balance, or send the cash directly to your checking account if you don't carry a balance.  I've done both.  My card also has a nice feature which provides complimentary rental car insurance similar to American Express's travel policy.  Basically, the policy provides that extra auto insurance coverage that rental car companies often try to charge you an arm and leg for when you rent.  Thankfully I've never had to use it, but I assume it would be as hassle-free as all of my other interactions with NFCU.  I wish my interest rate was lower, but it's still competitive against most other credit card companies.  I give NFCU's cash back credit card five stars.

I have had this credit card for 2 years. I have had no issues with Navy Federal Credit Union. I enjoy being able to conduct business over the phone, at a local branch, or online. I do wish they had more locations though. Customer service is always friendly when I am dealing with them about my card. My credit limit is a reasonable amount and my interest rate is competitive. I cash in my rewards every few months for a statement credit, and never have any problems doing so. I highly recommend this credit card to someone who is looking to open a new account.

I cannot sing enough praises of NFCU. I signed up for an NFCU account when I was in the Marine Corps, and have carried an auto loan, a credit card, a checking account, and a savings account with them.    Their loans are top notch.  The lowest interest rates you'll find anywhere, fantastic customer service, instant approval process over the phone, and just generally very good will and desire to serve their customers.  Even though I was planning to go with dealer financing when I bought my most recent car, I went ahead and got approved for a low-interest rate auto loan with NFCU.  Then, when I went to the dealer to buy the car, I had another bargaining chip in my pocket.    My credit card is also great.  It has a competitive interest rate, no-hassle cash back program, and many extra benefits that other credit cards don't offer.  For instance, if you rent a car with your NFCU credit card, they cover you with a rental auto insurance policy so you don't have to pay the extra fees for the rental company's coverage (which are usually extremely expensive).    NFCU is no longer my primary bank, and there is ONLY one reason for this.  That reason is that their nearest physical branch location is a 60 mile drive from where I live.  Their branches tend to be near military installations, for obvious reasons.  Otherwise, I would have continued banking with them full time even after discharge from the military.  I still hold accounts with NFCU and use their credit card regularly.  In ten years, I have not had a single service issue with this bank.  Pros:  Great interest rates, fantastic customer service, easy-to-use online banking, military friendly  Cons:  Physical branch locations are few and far between

First of all, I really like the Navy Federal Credit Union. In the years I have banked with the NFCU, I have never had a problem with them, so I decided to get a credit card from them for emergencies. It was easy to do as well because I could just apply online for the card.  The rates are great; customer service is fast, professional, and easy even when I just had a few inqueries; and it is incredibly easy to view and pay my bill online, which is important to me. I don't live near any of their locations anymore, but when I did they were everywhere, which was very convenient.  I can't say enough good things about Navy Federal Credit Union and the credit card choices they offer. They're great, and I highly recommend looking at their options when making a choice in credit cards.

The Navy Federal nRewards Card is a great credit card to have.  I have never had any issues with using it and it is accepted at almost every place I have gone.  It's easy to make payments on it too and the interest rate is quite low. I have a NFCU account and getting access to paying this card off online is easy as pie.   I would recommend the card for first time users or students, as the credit limit isn't that high.  And since the credit limit isn't that high, there's a low chance of spending too much. Also, with the points you earn- you can earn Rewards- even getting Visa gift cards out of it.  As long as you pay off the credit card in time, you can actually make money using it.

They always answer any question I may have quickly, and alleviate any stress I may be feeling. The application process took almost no time at all before I was approved. The staff is friendly and professional, very welcoming. The people I've spoken to on the phone are always courteous, even when the situation is tense.  I will be a lifelong customer of theirs, we use them for credit cards, our mortgage, and also a car loan. We never have any issues with them, and I will recommend them to all of my family or friends in the future. There are 2 locations close to my home, so it's always easy to go in and speak to someone in person.

I started banking with Navy Federal Credit Union when I was stationed in Okinawa, Japan.  The bank account that is automatically set up for you in boot camp is not a good one once you leave boot camp.  I needed to set up a new account so that I could save money because I was not using a lot in Okinawa.  I have banked at two different branches of Navy Federal Credit Union, the one on Okinawa and one near Oceanside, California.  Both branches provide a wonderful experience with superb customer service, at the branch and over the phone.  I would recommend any service member give Navy Federal Credit Union a chance and you will not regret it.

Navy Federal has been of good service to me for the past 6 years that I started an account with them. They offer so much from bank accounts to business services, investments, and insurance. There is such a wide variety of services that they offer. I'm glad that I have a privilege to be in services with them.  I do say I choose this bank from another other regarding customer service. There is always someone there when you have a question or complaint. They apologize sincerely for what ever mistakes have been done. I did all my processing over the phone. It was very easy and understandable. I think any body will be happy with this bank.

I absolutely LOVE Navy Federal Credit Union.  Their customer service, their website, the quality is all high class. I have used them for all my banking needs: a checking account, savings account, credit card, car loan, and my money market account.  Every time I've had any sort of problem they've solved it easily and quickly with the friendliest service.  Another feature that I really like is the website.  It is extremely easy to navigate and they generally don't charge any fees for using it.  I also love that NFCU doesn't try and push me to buying any more products than those that I already have.  And if I have any questions they are more than happy to help.

The Navy Federal Platinum card is a good card from a good credit union.  Unfortunately it does not have many perks so I have been considering switching to one of the other cards available from Navy federal.  The customer support  from Navy federal is delightful and I have never had to call more than once to either dispute a charge, inquire about a charge, or just any general questions I may have.  I also do my checking and savings through Navy Federal so paying the card from my checking is wonderful and very easy.  Just transfer the money just like you were switching between accounts.  Honestly I would recommend it for anyone that just wants a straight credit card with no gimmicks or introductory rates.

The Navy Federal cashRewards credit card is a very reliable option.  Those who use the card will notice that the rates are fairly low, and that it is a great choice for those looking for a credit card that is low risk.  There are some setbacks for being such low-risk though.  The limits they start you off with will most likely be low, and you will have to be a member for quite a while before they let you raise your credit limits.  The cashRewards that is advertised is nothing to brag about either, since most of the rewards available are pretty low end.  It’s what you sacrifice though, since this card is not designed for high-end payments.  If this does not bother you though, then I highly recommend this credit card.

I have been very happy with my Navy Federal NRewards Credit card.  I have been a member of Navy Federal most of my life and have only recently been using the credit card to help build up points for the rewards.  I have been trying to use the credit card for all my purchases and make sure I pay in full at the end of the month.  Navy Feds online site is easy to log into and check my account and the rewards I am earning.  When I have enough I usually request my reward so the points do not expire.  I am using the points to get a visa gift card to help save up for a cruise vacation next year.  Should pay for a lot of my on board spending!

Navy Federal Credit Union is a wonderful credit union that offers many types of financial services. Personally, I have used them for credit cards, savings accounts, personal loans, automobile loans, and checking accounts. I have had a wonderful experience dealing with Navy Federal Credit Union, and feel as if they offered more branches that I could rely solely on them for all of my financial needs. Customer service has always been helpful and friendly, both in person and over the telephone. Their lines are often long around paydays, but the customer service representatives and tellers keep the lines moving in a timely fashion. I have always been offered decent rates for all loans and credit cards with them. My checking and savings accounts earn interest each month. I highly recommend Navy Federal Credit Union.

I have been a member of Navy Federal Credit Union for almost 19 years and I have nothing but the best experiences when dealing with them on any issue.  My very first loan was through Navy Federal, the payment process was easily explained and I never had any issues with them at all.  When I bought my first car, I took out a Navy Federal Auto Loan, which reduced my interest rate I was offered by the car dealership by almost 12%.  Their correspondence is usually very speedy and their customer service is top notch.  Navy Federal's On-line banking is also very user friendly allowing the completion of almost any transaction right from home or work.  For an example, I noticed a funny charge on my Visa Check card and was able to fill out an on-line claim, my account was then adjusted in less than 24 hours.  I recommend this credit union for anyone who is searching for a reputable and well run operation.

Navy Federal was extremely helpful when it comes to managing money.  There were some application problems that related to some unwanted charges, but they were extremely helpful, and fixed the problem right away.  Their credit card rates are, for the most part fair, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The limits they give you are pretty strict at first, but they get very lenient when you have been with them for more than a few months.  Overall, I would recommend Navy Federal to anyone if they qualify to be a member of this credit union.  It offers fairer rates than most banks I have come across.

The Navy Federal nRewards Credit Card is a wonderful credit card. I have a decent credit limit and a low interest rate. I have had this card for roughly 3 years and they have never tried to raise my APR or lower my credit limit. I enjoy being able to access my card details online or over the phone. It is very easy to make a credit card payment online, unlike other cards. You can login and have your money transferred over the same day, almost instantly. When I was in the hospital, I didn’t have a chance to make a credit card payment. When I was released, I called them and explained why the payment was late and they offered to waive the late payment fee. Being VISA, I can use this card almost anywhere. The only place that I found that doesn’t accept VISA is Sam’s Club. I rate this credit card highly.

This Navy Fed Credit Card is really great to have on hand. There are several different reasons why. The first reason is that you are able to automatically have the card payment transfer from your account so you will never be behind on a payment. Reason number two would be that they allow cash advances and it is a easy process to get. Third reason would be that Visa is accepted everywhere you go and there are no hidden charges such as annual fees and their are also no balance fees. Also all members of the military, retired military, DOD and immediate family members are eligible to apply for the card.

